Cape Town City coach Eric Tinkler is facing a centre-back dilemma ahead of Saturday s Telkom Knockout semifinal at home to Free State Stars with both his first-choice picks ruled out through suspension.Robyn Johannes was red-carded in the closing minutes of Tuesday night s 3-2 victory over Maritzburg United that took high-flying City to the top of the league table.And the dependable Tsepo Gumede also collected his fourth yellow card of the season in the game and sits out a one-match suspension.It means a totally new pairing for Tinkler with players who have not yet lined up alongside one another.He will have to decide over which two of Latvian Renars Rode Ghana junior international Joseph Adjei and Thato Mokeke will line-up against Stars. Right at the death we lost Robyn in fact we have lost both central defenders for the semi because Tsepo Gumede has accumulated four [yellow cards] now so we will have to come up with a big plan Tinkler said. Fortunately we have got four central defenders and I don t have to come out of retirement."We ve got Adjei and Rode and those are guys we need to consider. I have played Thato Mokeke there before as well so we ve got options. Obviously you want the consistency in your squad both Robyn and Tsepo have been very very good for us. Rode started the season as a first team regular but despite having the physical presence looks sluggish.Adjei has made just two brief substitute appearances this campaign so his lack of experience would be a concern.It seems likely then that Rode will partner Mokeke who has been a regular since making a loan move from SuperSport United though mostly in the left-back position.Tinkler says his side must improve defensively overall after looking vulnerable against a Maritzburg side that has struggled for goals this campaign. I felt that defensively we weren t very good he said. We were allowing them to run at us we were dropping off too deep we were marking zonely outside our box when we were supposed to be man-marking and applying pressure on the ball carrier. We tried to rectify a few things at halftime but again let ourselves down with silly free-kicks around our box which is something we said we can t allow. City are seeking to reach a cup final for the first time in the club s history in what is their maiden season in the Premier Soccer League having purchased the franchise of Mpumalanga Black Aces at the end of the last campaign. - TMG Digital