Mpumalanga politicians who frequent a Chinese massage parlour in Nelspruit are seething with anger over the insinuation that they also have close relations with selfconfessed rhino horn smuggler, Guang Jiang Guang.Sowetan spoke to several ANC leaders - including former party treasurer general Mathews Phosa - who all admitted that they did their body massages at the parlour.They also said sometimes after their massages, they would take photos with Guang or the masseuses.Mahlobo s visit to spa connected to criminal syndicates worrying parliamentary committee sayYesterday photos of Phosa and members of his family and some of the masseuses at his home in White River were circulating on social media.Phosa accused the people who posted the pictures of diverting attention away from Guang and his friendship with Minister of Intelligence David Mahlobo."This is just to divert attention from the minister. I have seen the pictures," Phosa said."Let me go on record. Yes, employees of the massage parlour came to my house to massage my family ... they asked to take pictures with us." "I personally have not met the man but I sourced their services. One thing that we should be talking about is how can the minister appoint people to investigate himself. How can that be done?"Ministers are appointed by the president. So the president is the one to do such, not him as the implicated person."Ehlanzeni ANC regional secretary, Ngrayi Ngwenya, who also took pictures with the employees after being massaged, admitted that he too frequented the parlour."I go there too. Actually, my massages are done there and I do take pictures with employees."I don't know the owner (Guang) and have never met him. So, does that render me a rhino poacher or smuggler? No," Ngwenya said.Ehlazeni ANC deputy secretary, Nathaniel Mashile, said he had stopped going to the parlour but conceded that the place was very popular."I no longer go there but I must say it's a popular place around Mbombela. We have no knowledge of the man dealing in rhino horns," Mashile added.At the weekend, Al Jazeera television flighted a documentary revealing how Mahlobo hung out with Guang despite the latter being a convicted rhino horn trafficker.Guang also openly bragged about bribing South African justice and immigration officials to expunge his criminal record.Mbombela has two Chinese massage parlours with prices ranging from R350 to R800 depending on the number of services you want, which include massages, manicures and pedicures.Spokesman for the Hawks, Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi, said they had tried to stop Al Jazeera broadcasting the programme because they feared that Guang might run away."Guang is a person of interest to the Hawks on rhino poaching and rhino horn smuggling in the country."We tried to ask the guys from Al Jazeera television station not to air the programme because he might run away, but they run a business, you know."So they decided to air the programme. But there's no place to hide for Guang," Mulaudzi added.Yesterday the massage parlour did not open for business.