PE shopper squeezes in prayers before being first in the queue for Black Friday specialsThe parking lots at Port Elizabeth s Metlife Mall Shopping Centre and Makro which are across the road from each other were already filling up by 7am on Black Friday.Makro staff were seen leaving the Metlife Checkers shop with trolley-loads of groceries before they reported for duty across the road where a long queue was already forming outside the retail store.Other customers were seen leaving Checkers laden with items such as cooldrinks milk and toilet paper.At Makro Bethelsdorp husband and wife Allan Maggott 31 and Charneil 27 joined the queue at about 7.15am. Charneil who is on maternity leave and Allan whose work shift was to start at 2pm said they hoped to go home with at least three items. We are here for some entertainment stuff the Xbox One Allan said.Charneil said: And for the Samsung 13kg washing machine and the Defy oven and top. We hope we get it fingers crossed. We are hoping to get in now at 8am so we should be done by 1pm [so Allan can go to work]. At Greenacres Shopping Centre Gelvandale shopper Subeida Hassen was first in the queue for Black Friday specials. She said she rose at 4am for Muslim prayers and was at the shopping centre by 5am.She said it was exciting like the first day of school . It was a great morning to be it s a privilege for me. There are so many bargains I hope each and everyone will be satisfied and get what they want she said. Karen Van Rooyen And Gillian Mcainsh/ TMG Digital/The Herald Guards struggle to hold back impatient Black Friday shoppers at Durban s PavilionSecurity guards had to intervene after impatient Black Friday shoppers pushed and shoved their way into The Pavilion Shopping Centre early in the morning.Thousands of shoppers some of whom had taken the day off work queued from as early as 6.30am to take advantage of specials on offer at Checkers.Traffic on the N2 near the offramp to The Pavilion was gridlocked as people battled to find parking. Inside the parking lot shoppers queued with their trolleys to get into the store. I should rather have gone to work said one shopper who had been standing in the line since 7.30am.Outside one of the entrances to the mall security guards were struggling to control shoppers pushing their way in. I expected crowds but not this chaos said an elderly shopper. Suthentira Govender/ TMG Digital/The Times Mall of Africa besieged by bargain hunters before dawn on Black FridayShoppers staked out spots outside the recently opened Mall of Africa from the wee hours to take advantage of Black Friday sales. I came here at around 3 with my sister to buy a few groceries before it becomes too packed. I bought Kellogg s Weet-Bix and a few groceries. I saved about 50% on most of my purchases Sally Ndlovu said.Another said she did not have anything specific she wanted to buy but just wanted to check out what was on special. I am just going shop to shop checking anything on sale so I can take advantage of Black Friday. I bought sneakers for R300 at Game which go for R1000 at the normal price so I saved 70% Litebogo Kgwedi said.A security officer at Checkers Hyper said he arrived at work to find an overwhelming number of shoppers camped outside. There were so many people here at 5 in the morning there were so many people here I think we are going to have a very long day the guard who asked not to be named said. Shoppers have not been giving us problems so far. There are just a lot of them but they are peaceful and orderly it s not as crazy as I had anticipated yet. Shops in the mall are offering discounts of up to 70% on various items. Shoppers were warned to take extra caution while shopping at the mall to avoid being robbed. Julia Madibogo/TMG Digital 