Orlando Pirates interim coach Augusto Palacios looks set to reward Jackson Mabokgwane for keeping a clean against Free State Stars at the weekend with another starting berth tonight.Mabokgwane made his Pirates debut in Bucs' 1-0 victory over Stars, coming in for Brighton Mhlongo who was down with diarrhoea.Palacios yesterday suggested he would start with Mabokgwane tonight when sixth-placed Pirates take on Chippa United at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium (7.30pm)."Mhlongo came back to training today [yesterday]. Remember my philosophy is, "if a player performs, then you play him". It does not matter whether you were in the national team, if he keeps a clean [sheet], then he is okay. He [Mhlongo] needs to wait," the Peruvian said.Palacios is so far proving to be the fixer at Pirates, with two victories in as many matches since he took over from Muhsin Ertugral early this month.Both wins - in the cup and in the league - have come at home, at Orlando Stadium. Now Bucs are away for the first time with their new coach to face a Chippa side that has hit a rough patch after a fantastic start to the campaign.Chippa have been struggling to score, in fact they have not scored more than one goal in a match since September 28, when they hammered Baroka 4-1 in Polokwane - which was their last victory.They have been gradually dropping down the table and are now placed 10th.Despite this poor run of form, Palacios is not taking Chippa lightly, and he warned that Pirates will never sit back and play for a point away from home."Chippa, at this moment, is not doing well. It will be a difficult game, because apart from them not doing well, I think they play attacking football. Take nothing away from them, they can surprise you," Palacios said."Home or away, Pirates need to have a winning mentality. We cannot go away and play for a point. They keep possession well and keep the ball on the ground. We respect them, but we are going to play our normal game."Chippa beat Pirates 2-0 in a corresponding fixture last season.