Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits have been the early trophy winners and pace-setters in South African football in 2016-17 but SuperSport United have positioned themselves as a third spoke in that wheel.Sundowns became the first South African team to win the Caf Champions League in 21 years last month and there is no doubting their class.They lost 3-0 to Wits in the MTN8 final at the start of last month a product of Downs punishing schedule and also an indicator of the Clever Boys undoubted strength in their squad right now.Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates are stuttering.Last week SuperSport with a 6-1 thrashing of Pirates and penalties Telkom Knockout quarterfinal victory against Downs while playing with 10 men for half of two hours of a goalless normal and extra time signaled their intent in 2016-17 in a manner that was impossible to ignore.Matsatsantsa might have started the season indifferently but after nine league and cup matches unbeaten and a position at second in the PSL standings Stuart Baxter s men appear to be finding an eye-catching head of steam. It s difficult to try to assess how far you ve got with the job at any one time. Because all results are different and all performances are different Baxter said after SuperSport had absorbed Downs immense pressure to take Saturday s cup tie to penalties where Matsatsantsa won 3-1. In the beginning of the season we signed some players. Many of those were unavailable and we re still trying to bring some of them in. We played slightly differently [early in the season] with Jeremy Brockie a bit wider and with three front players up-front instead of the way we re playing now with a shadow striker. And I think we were more difficult to play against but not so efficient moving forward and our movement around the box was a bit one-dimensional. So we ve made it more central with a slight tweak. Now we offer the opposition a bit more down the sides but we re a more efficient team and more dangerous team playing this way. I don t think we are anywhere near a finished article absolutely not. I think we ve got at least 20 percent left in terms of consistency in terms of being brave on the ball. But having said that if we get 10 percent of that 20 percent we have left to reach I think we ll be a very difficult team to beat. SuperSport had left-back Onismor Bhasera sent off for remonstrating in the 63rd minute of their quarter against Downs.Having arrived halfway through last season with SuperSport languishing in 10th Baxter a winner of league and cup doubles at Chiefs in 2012-13 and 2014-15 ensured the club their 16th consecutive top eight finish with eighth place.Matsatsantsa ended the campaign with the Nedbank Cup trophy in May overwhelming Pirates 3-1 in the final. - TMG Digital