A jubilant Maritzburg United finally claimed a first-ever away victory over Ajax Cape Town on Saturday and they are now seeking a Mother City double as they prepare to face high-flying Cape Town City at the Athlone Stadium on Tuesday night.United secured their 2-1 success with the final kick of the game as left-back Deolin Mekoa who had been given a torrid night by a fired-up Mark Mayambela secured just a second-ever victory against any of the PSL's Cape Town clubs in their past 19 visits to the city.The victory moved United into the top half of the table and they could jump as high as sixth with another win against Eric Tinkler's in-form side.It was achieved with a stoic head coach Ernst Middendorp sitting in the stands as his assistant Fadlu Davids prowled the touchline.And the latter believes the squad will be boosted for their next game by the return from suspension of defender Brian Onyango who spent three seasons at Santos and knows the Athlone Stadium well. The venue has changed so it will be a little bit different probably more windy Davids said. We will be up for it we have Brian Onyango back from suspension and so have more options going into this game. Hopefully we can get a similar result. We are playing against a really tough team who have the core of last season s Black Aces side that ended fourth."Especially in their attacking players the core is there so it s going to be a tough game. They are on a high. The victory over Ajax was just a second this season for Maritzburg but Davids feel they have been playing better than their results suggest. We ve had better performances but as we know having good performances does not always get you good results."We have been going well since the start of the season and not getting results just draws draws draws. But the performance and the fight has been good. And Davids feels this latest victory could be a turning point for the team. Getting the win after grinding out the result and scoring in the last second is always going to give you confidence."The guys were all over each other in the changeroom singing together and that s what you want. If you score in the last minute and you are fighting as a team and you get the result that definitely lifts team spirit. - TMG Digital