England have seconded former rugby league international Jason Ryles to help improve their gang tackling when they take on the Springboks at Twickenham on Saturday.Ryles who played league for Australia and currently coaches the Melbourne Storm in Australia s National Rugby League (NRL) has been with the England squad for the past fortnight where he has given a fresh view on how to stop the Boks. The Storm have had the best defence in the NRL which underlines his credentials as an astute defensive operator. By all accounts his methods are not revolutionary but England head coach Eddie Jones just wanted to have another voice and perspective on two-man tackling. Defence coach Paul Gustard has been happy to let Ryles give his views. I have to develop as a coach and get better Gustard said. I ve spent time with the Auckland Warriors and also with the Melbourne Storm who have one of the best defences in the sport of rugby league. Jason is a young coach and has some good ideas that have been ingrained in him since he was 12 about the tackle and contact area. We ve had a lot of expert coaches come in over the past few months from Jonny Wilkinson to assist with kicking to George Smith on the attacking breakdown and judo coaches to help with grappling. It s not the first time this has happened. Rugby league players tackle in a certain way and they are areas of the game we can explore but it has to fit within our code and the way we want to defend. South Africa have different coaches so they might have different variations. I need to prepare my players for what s most likely but also for what s most probable. We can t say this is the way they re going to attack and only prepare for that because we will see our asses pretty quickly. We have to be adaptable on the pitch. Scrumhalf Ben Youngs expanded on the theme of their defensive training in preparation for the Bok clash this weekend. We naturally want to make two-man hits anyway but Jason has come in and a lot of the focus is on that because a lot of the hits in rugby league are two-man hits Youngs said. We have focused on trying to hit and stick. It s not too different to what we have done previously but with the ball-carrying threat the Boks have we don t want to get into a one-on-one wrestling match we want to be able to try to two-man tackle guys which will ultimately slow down the ball. We will be looking to get off the line pretty hard and try to put them under pressure. They are big physical guys and their nature is to come round the corner and be direct so with that we want to dominate that gainline by helping each other out and making it a two-man focus. TMG Sport