It has been long coming. The suspension of Bafana Bafana coach Shakes Mashaba comes as no surprise, considering what has been coming out of his mouth since his reappointment in 2014.Barely three months into his job, Mashaba took a swipe at the media for labelling him "the cheapest" option available to Safa."Two days after my appointment, there was so much horrible [things written about me]. This one really made me feel insulted, that I'm the cheapest coach. The cheapest coach when I'm the longest serving coach in football, club level or national... people haven't realised that this is what this man is doing," he said.Around the same time, Mashaba sparked controversy when he labelled Kamohelo Mokotjo "heavy and sluggish" in explaining why he omitted the midfielder from the team before the Afcon qualifier against Congo in October 2014.Even a win is not guaranteed to placate Mashaba.Take last year's 1-0 win against Senegal in the Nelson Mandela Challenge, for example.Days earlier, Bafana had lost, embarrassingly so, 3-1 to Mauritania in a 2017 Afcon qualifier and Mashaba had come under fire. So with a win over Senegal, Mashaba thought he had silenced his critics and let them have it."I'm not a quitter. Make no mistake, that is why I went to buy this jacket. To look more new and younger because most of you thought I'll come with grey hair and all that," he blurted out."They are saying I'm sitting in the office and everything I do is a thumb-suck, I just wake up and say let's play so-and-so," he retorted.This year has not been any different and just four months ago, Mashaba slammed the media for allegedly calling him arrogant."Stop calling me arrogant, that's an insult. And you are saying Shakes is arrogant and you don't say why he is arrogant. If you write things about me, clarify them because you are giving a wrong impression to people," Mashaba ranted ahead of the 1-1 draw against Mauritania in September.In recent weeks, the 66-year-old has even hit out at his Safa bosses, claiming he is surprised that they haven't backed him and took it a step further after the 2-1 victory over Senegal in a World Cup qualifier at the weekend.This time, he may have gone too far.