Bafana Bafana must keep their concentration to the end to avoid a repeat of an Africa Cup of Nations meeting with Senegal two years ago when Bafana Bafana face the Lions of Teranga in Saturday s World Cup qualifier said South Africa s coach Shakes Mashaba.Senegal have brought a highly-rated squad to Polokwane for their showdown with Bafana at Peter Mokaba Stadium. Coach Aliou Cisse captain of Senegal s 2002 World Cup quarterfinalist team has included star forwards Mame Biram Diouf (Stoke City) Sadio Mane (Liverpool) and Diao Balde (Lazio) for a qualifier that both teams know could make or break their chances of reaching Russia 2018. Bafana have played Senegal twice in Mashaba s latest stint as SA coach. South Africa beat the Lions 1-0 in the Nelson Mandela Challenge at Orlando Stadium in September last year.Earlier in 2015 Bafana had a 1-0 lead thanks to Oupa Manyisa s 46th-minute strike in their second match of the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Equatorial Guinea but conceded an equaliser to Kara Mbodji in the 59th minute to draw 1-1. Mashaba said the South Africans need to learn from that experience. We ve played them twice. In the group stages match at the Afcon in the first half we were fireworks. We scored first. In fact in both games we scored first Mashaba said. The only problem is towards the end of the game which is what we re trying to work on. The late Muhammad Ali was asked How many sit-ups do you do a day? . He said I can t give you an exact number because I only count when it starts burning . That is why I m saying that we scored first [in 2015] but as the game went on we collapsed. Which is why we need to start teaching our players that when it starts paining that s when we ve got to start working hard. That s where we ve got to start playing with our mind complementing it with the heart. And with that approach I think we would have been somewhere in the Afcon. Coming back to Senegal I ve played Senegal three times since I started coaching Bafana. What I like about Senegal is that they never bring a sub-strength team with them. When we played them at Orlando they gave it their all. And in that game our boys did show what we re talking about they played right to the end of referee s optional time. And that s what we expect from them in this game. Bafana have met Senegal seven times both winning twice with three draws between the sides. The South Africans started with an encouraging 1-1 draw in Burkina Faso in their opening Russia 2018 game.Senegal began with a 2-0 home win against Cape Verde Islands. A win to either team on Saturday could go a long way eliminating one of the Group D favourites and putting the other in the driving seat. - TMG Digital