Ajax Cape Town s young team will have to keep strict discipline and stick to the letter of their playbook if they are to come away with any points from their Premier League game against champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Cape Town Stadium on Wednesday said coach Stanley Menzo on Tuesday. We ve got to stay in the game as long as possible not like Highlands Park when the contest was finished at half time said Ajax s new coach referring to the 4-0 lead that Sundowns built up at home over Highlands Park in their league match at Loftus Versfeld in Pretoria on Sunday.Sundowns went on to win the game 5-0 and climb to eighth position in the Premier Soccer League standings. This will be a game in which we are likely to have less ball possession. So our defending must be good and we must not give them chances so that we stay in the match Menzo continued at a pre-match press conference in Cape Town. We must not give them too much belief that they can go on and win the game. We will get our chances I m sure. We must patiently wait for our chances and then we have to be efficient in front of goal. Our discipline is going to be key. What we do with the ball and what we do when we don t have it. Those are the elements we have been working on and those are the elements I want to see in each game whether it is against Platinum Stars or Sundowns. Ajax beat Stars 3-2 away last Tuesday to register their first win of the season. But they remain second from bottom with a third of the league season now completed. The basics are important. We must stay compact when we defend and when we have the ball make sure we make space for ourselves Menzo said.Ajax's coach said the prospect of playing African club champions Sundowns had ensured an extra buzz around the training field at Ikamva. There is extra motivation ... not fear. That s the feeling I have at the moment. The extra motivation that also comes from being the underdog. Fear for a sportsman is no good. Ajax have both Rivaldo Coetzee and Nathan Paulse back and therefore a fully fit squad. Coetzee missed the last match with an ankle injury while Paulse has made a quicker than expected recovery after surgery on a fracture on his left cheekbone.TMG Digital/TMG Sport