The African National Congress (ANC) has been divided on its stance on whether President Jacob Zuma should be recalled following the Constitutional Court ruling on the Nkandla matter and recently following the State of Capture report by the former Public Protector Thuli Madonsela.We take a look at the ANC leader's stance on the matter. Jackson Mthembu ANC chief whip Jackson Mthembu has called on all ANC top leaders to step down for having failed members as it moves from one crisis to the next. He said that the current leadership has turned the ANC into something that leaves a bitter taste in the mouth and said that he will not be availing himself for any ANC position come the party's national elective conference in December 2017. It is in that meeting that I made this call that if we are taking collective responsibility for the mess we have created for the lack of confidence in the African National Congress that came to the fore through these elections therefore as the ANC leadership we must also take a collective fall from grace Mthembu told eNCA. We aren't showing a change. We are factionalist. Maybe it is the right thing to do for the NEC to resign and to get other people. The NEC is paralysed. We need other people to take us out of this morass, he said. Collen Maine ANC Youth League leader Collen Maine said that nobody can remove President Jacob Zuma from office and that he will be allowed to complete his term."If you have friends in the ANC saying Zuma is going to be removed, it is not going to happen," Maine told a press conference. Gwede Mantashe ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe said that those who are calling for President Jacob Zuma to resign are appealing to his conscience.He said that in order to recall Zuma, the ANC needs to convene a special congress which can only be convened if the national executive committee or at least five provinces had asked for such a congress. ANC Gauteng, Paul Mashatile ANC in Gauteng been vocal about its call for President Jacob Zuma to step down. The call came following the Constitutional Court ruling on the Nkandla matter. There s been discussions on and off in the ANC. The Gauteng ANC had expressed its views, but we are part of a unity organisation. Once decisions are taken by the NEC, ANC Gauteng could not go its own way, but we expressed our views on our displeasure right from the beginning, Mashatile was quoted on Mail &amp; Guardian. We didn t have enough support in the ANC so we had to move on. There are a lot of comrades in the NEC who agree with us. Jackson Mthembu certainly has our support. Mathole Motshekga ANC NEC member Mathole Motshekga has broken ranks and joined the call for the removal of Jacob Zuma as the president of the country and the ANC.He has called for an "urgent" NEC meeting to ask the president to step down."The ANC leadership must convene an urgent NEC meeting and ask the President to do honourable thing and assist him in whatever way possible to endure the situation," said Motshekga.Motshekga said that the ANC cannot accept collective responsibility for the actions of the president and all those who have been implicated in the State of Capture report by the former Public Protector. Thabo Mbeki Former president Thabo Mbeki has written to President Jacob Zuma pleading with him to have talks with the 101 African National Congress veterans who have publicly expressed concerns about his leadership and the direction the country is taking. As you Comrade President will have done I have gone through the names of the 101 veterans who supported the press release in question. Like you I have been struck by the reality that this collective of 101 veterans represents a very senior outstanding and historic echelon of the leadership of the ANC and the national democratic revolution It is made up of cadres of the ANC whose involvement in our all-round struggle spans a period of over 60 years Mbeki wrote. The point I am trying to emphasise is that it is imperative that all of us including the current ANC NEC (National Executive Committee) understand that the 101 veterans are in fact eminent leaders of our movement and revolution and have to be respected and treated as such by those who occupy administrative positions as members of the NEC and other seniors structures of the ANC Mbeki said in his tersely worded letter to Zuma. Jessie Duarte ANC will not force President Jacob Zuma to step down, this is according to ANC deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte . It s not just [a case of getting] rid of [Zuma] and the ANC and then, voila, jobs will be created. It doesn t work like that, we are open to engaging. What we fail to engage with is people who are marching past us in the streets wearing the colours of the ANC, but under a strange banner," Duarte was quoted on News24. SACP, Blade Nzimande It would be up to African National Congress (ANC) and not the South African Communist Party (SACP) to remove President Jacob Zuma from office, Dr Blade Nzimande said on Monday. We re not going to be telling the ANC what to do. It s up to the ANC itself to decide what to do the SACP general secretary told Radio 702. Though we are allies they are actually the governing party that assigns the president. He noted that there were problems within the tripartite alliance saying: We do have points of challenges and serious crisis that are facing us as a movement as illustrated by amongst other things a not-so-great performance in the local government elections and losing some of the metros as well as challenges in parts of the state and state-owned enterprises. Mzwandile Masina Ekurhuleni mayor Mzwandile Masina said when President Jacob Zuma leaves office, he must leave the ANC intact.He said that he was worried about the current state of the ANC and that it is up to the party leaders to ensure unity. He was however not calling for the removal of Zuma. Organisations / affiliates NehawuThe National Education Health and Allied Workers Union (Nehawu) has called on President Jacob Zuma to resign.Nehawu is the largest affiliate of the Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) and one of its most influential. Its call comes amid growing opposition to Zuma within the ANC and its tripartite alliance.In a statement on Tuesday after a meeting of its national executive committee Nehawu said the situation had now become untenable. While we believe that no single individual even as president of the country can be solely responsible for all the socio-economic and political ills in our society and while we appreciate that Comrade Jacob Zuma has served our struggle well over the years the organised working class cannot stand idly by and be silent when it is clear that the revolution is taking a disastrous trajectory as it needlessly lurches from crisis to crisis the union said.