Saturday's match against Kaizer Chiefs will be an emotional one for Mamelodi Sundowns assistant coach Rulani Mokwena.The Absa Premiership match at Loftus (3.30pm) will be a battle between Pitso Mosimane and Steve Komphela, and both have played a massive role in Mokwena's emergence as an astute, knowledgeable assistant coach."It was Steve who gave me my first big break in professional football," Mokwena recalled. "I was 24 years old, still at university and he roped me into the Platinum Stars senior team structures in 2009. I will never forget that."Despite watching Komphela occupying the opposition bench, Mokwena has never got used to the idea of plotting his mentor's downfall."It's always emotional for me to face Steve - I remember all those days when he took me in. I don't know if I would be where I am today were it not for him. He was like my high school teacher."Mokwena also worked with the likes of Allan Freese and Cavin Johnson at Dikwena following Komphela's departure, but it is at Downs where he's making a huge mark.His coach Mosimane calls him a "whizz kid" for his innovation and thorough attention to detail, be it when preparing for training sessions or planning to outsmart the opposition."He's a genius," Mosimane said of Mokwena, 30. "He speaks to coaches from all over Europe. He can obtain videos of Real Madrid training sessions. I don't know how he does all these things but they help us a lot."Mokwena, who holds a degree in sports science from the University of Johannesburg, has embraced new technology and is a member of several social media coaching groups."We have a WhatsApp group called Evolution Soccer. We discuss ideas in there. We share videos of sessions and tactics. There are academy coaches from Real Madrid, Liverpool and many other clubs. Our coach [Mosimane] is thankfully open to new ideas and allows me to introduce some of these methods at Sundowns," Mokwena said.He sees himself in the mould of Manchester United's Jose Mourinho who, like him, never played professionally."It's difficult to be a coach in SA when you've never been a professional," said Mokwena, whose father Eric Sono played for Orlando Pirates and Jomo Cosmos. "But I want to leave a footprint for young technicians who didn't play at the highest level to know that they can make it this far."There's no questioning where his loyalty will be on Saturday, emotions notwithstanding. "I'm a professional and as much as I know what Steve did for me, I have to be loyal to Sundowns. I'm at an environment where I'm inspired to do even more because of our success."