Phakamani Mahlambi could be the X-factor for Bidvest Wits in their effort to win the 2016-17 Premier Soccer League title said Clever Boys coach Gavin Hunt calling the 19-year-old striker the best player in South Africa .Hunt said realistically young tearaway striking prodigy Mahlambi might be capable of making a handful of substitutes appearances in December returning from an anterior cruciate ligament injury he sustained in late February.Wits coach said his highly-rated U-23 international striker who Hunt has compared to a young Benni McCarthy is on track to perhaps play a few games in December.However with the PSL breaking for a month over January for the period of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations February might be a more realistic target.Hunt said Mahlambi s return along with that of clinical English striker James Keene could give Wits added impetus when their strong squad seem almost certain to be challenging for the PSL title at the death end of the season. Phakamani is training. James is training. But Phakamani needs nine months it s seven-and-a-half now Hunt said. So for me it looks like February because in January there is no football. Maybe I can get him back in late December give him 20 minutes or so [in games]. Because he s the X-factor. He s the best player in South Africa. Hunt said Mahlambi's age is on his side recovering from such a long injury break. If you compare him to a Khama Billiat [Sundowns 2015-16 PSL player of the season] Billiat s 25 this boy s 19."OK he s had a major problem. But he s the same type of player [as Billiat] he s got the same elusiveness and ability to turn. Quickness pace all those things he s got that."And he was the main reason we lost the league [finishing runners-up last season] because we lost Phakamani Keene Papy Faty and 'Tyson' [Thulani Hlatshwayo] with eight games to go. Keene needed knee surgery in the off-season.Hunt s strong signings ahead of the 2016-17 season have already seen the coach break his trophy duck at Wits in his fourth season at the club with an impressive 3-0 victory against Mamelodi Sundowns in the MTN8 final in Nelspruit in early October.Wits are top of the PSL on 16 points the only team unbeaten and have played just six games while all other teams have played seven or eight apart from Sundowns on three. - TMG Digital