When he compares the current situations at Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs, Pitso Mosimane feels his rivals from Naturena are "in a better space" going into their Absa Premiership meeting at Loftus on Saturday (3.30pm).Relaxed at his home during the Fifa international break last week, the Sundowns coach explained why he feels Amakhosi should be considered favourites."They are in a better space. They won five games in a row before they drew with [Orlando] Pirates. We lost to Wits [in the MTN8 final], to Cape Town City and SuperSport United as well. So emotionally they are a little bit better than us," said Mosimane.He went on: "They are well rested, they did not have Champions League. They were eliminated too early. They had a pre-season and they worked on combinations. Which combinations have we worked on? We are just going with the same team. For us it's a carry over [from last season]."While Chiefs coach Steve Komphela has had an opportunity to work closely with his signings during pre-season, Mosimane says he did not get the time he would have wanted to get his signings Sibusiso Vilakazi, Thapelo Morena, Yannick Zakri, Lucky Mohomi and Ricardo Nacsimento to gel with the team. They are still finding their feet, but Mosimane is patient."You can't incorporate Zakri into the programme. Morena struggles. That's the challenge we have. Vila is struggling to get to the way we play. Lucky has the quality, but he is creeping in slowly into the team. The players we bought are the ones who are suffering because we did not have a pre-season. But they are doing much better," said the former Bafana coach."For them [Chiefs], [Michelle] Katsvairo is gelling now. [Keagan] Buchanan came and he played. Rama [Mphahlele] is playing. So they have had a chance to play their new players."Fixtures (3.30pm unless stated)Saturday: Sundowns v Chiefs, Loftus; Baroka v SuperSport, Peter Mokaba Stadium; Chippa v CPT City, Buffalo City Stadium; Pirates v FS Stars, Orlando, 6pm; Ajax v Maritzburg, Cape Town Stadium, 8.15pm; Platinum Stars v Wits, Royal Bafokeng, 8.15pmSunday: Celtic v Polokwane City, Dr Molemela Stadium, Highlands v Arrows, Makhulong