With his contract at Mamelodi Sundowns still unsigned, Pitso Mosimane says he's "flattered" by the approach of Egyptian giants Zamalek for his services.Zamalek representatives sounded out Mosimane last week, offering him a head coach's position at the club who Sundowns beat to clinch the CAF Champions League last month.But Mosimane told them he was happy at the Brazilians, even as he continues to work without a contract following a deadlock with the management on clauses on a new deal, Sowetan has learnt."It's true that Zamalek made the approach, but I was absolutely flattered," the Sundowns coach said. "I was honest with them - telling them I have a job at Sundowns for now. I told them it won't be easy for me to just up and leave."Zamalek parted with their coach Moeman Soliman following their defeat to Sundowns in the Champions League final, opening up a vacancy that Mosimane conceded may be tempting. But the club have had five coaches already this season."They told me they wanted someone who understands their team," Mosimane said. "They could hear in media interviews that I know them in and out. I played them four times. I know their most influential players, their strengths and weaknesses. But I'm emotionally attached to Sundowns. It took me some time to build this team, and I'm still trying to strengthen it to get to the level of TP Mazembe, Zamalek and Al-Ahly."Mosimane's four-year deal with Sundowns expired at the end of June, but in spite of coming out to say a new contract had been signed, it is understood this is not the case.The coach would not elaborate on why he's stalling, directing queries to Sundowns manager Sizwe Nzimande.Nzimande said he was barred by the club's legal team from discussing contractual issues in the media."I have seen media reports about the Zamalek approach, but we can't say anything except that Pitso is employed at Sundowns. I'm not worried at all because the coach has not raised any issue with me."Asked why Mosimane's contract was still unsigned in spite of him being the most successful coach in the club's history, Nzimande said: "Our lawyers say these very personal issues cannot be discussed in the public domain."