Orlando Pirates stand-in coach Augusto Palacios says the two-week long international break was a blessing for his team as it afforded him time to try various combinations.He says the players are starting to understand his methods. This break arrived at a correct time for me because it gave us time to watch several videos of ourselves for the players understand what system we want to play and what pattern we want to play said the Bucs coach after his team s 1-0 league win over Free State Stars at Orlando Stadium on Saturday night.Palacios has now won back-to-back matches since taking charge after guiding the Buccaneers to the semifinals of the Telkom Knockout Cup with a 2-1 triumph over Highlands Park in their last match before the FIFA international break. For me this break was a blessing because we used that time very good. For me I was lucky to have this break. I m happy for this break it helped me a lot said the 64-year-old coach.The victory over Stars was a first League game for Palacios and his second in charge since taking over from Muhsin Ertugral who resigned in a huff after a humiliating 6-1 hammering at the hands of SuperSport United in their last League match three weeks ago. It was a difficult game. Stars were both physical and aggressive. We watched their DVDs [ahead of the match] their 3-5-2 with their two midfielders going in the middle. The most important thing is the three points said Palacios.The Peruvian said that he is pleased with how his players have reacted to his way of doing things. Today (Saturday) you could see some pressing the players now understand what I want they play the ball down on the ground. We just need to correct the little mistakes to convert the chances we create we create too many chances but it s football. Every game we correct but we ll take it game by game. We played one system in the first half and in the second half we changed the system. In the first half we didn t allow them to be in the game we were pressing them. Stars are a difficult team they have improved a lot."Congratulations to their coach (Giovanni Solinas) he did a great work with this team added Palacios. - TMG Digital