Hobart - South African captain Faf du Plessis has presided over his second series whitewash over Australia but he s not done.Having led South Africa to a 5-0 victory in a one-day series in South Africa last month and a 2-0 triumph in the Test series that was decided at Bellerive Oval in Hobart on Tuesday - when the visitors won by an innings and 80 runs - Du Plessis reckons there s another win in his team s tank: the third Test in Adelaide that starts next Thursday. That s the mission for us now we want to do that very badly Du Plessis said after his team wrapped up victory on the fourth day of a match in which the entire second day was washed out. It was the same with the ODIs. We won t rest on our laurels and be happy with 2-1 or even 2-0. We ve got Australia in a position where they are under pressure and we don t want to let that go. It s hard enough to get them in this position so we ll do everything we can to keep them there. As focused as he was on what he wanted South Africa to do Du Plessis was nonetheless surprised that they managed to take eight wickets for 32 runs in the space of 95 minutes and 116 deliveries to clinch victory on Tuesday. I didn t expect it to happen (that quickly) Du Plessis said. Our bowling was exceptional (on Monday). The last hour-and-a-half we were so good in our areas and relentless. We didn t get the results we wanted but we knew (on Tuesday) if we came back it will change for us. To get eight wickets for 40 runs plus minus is one of those sessions we will always remember as a team. That won us the series and it was unbelievable. That ranks right at the top. To do it in the one-dayers and beat them 5-0 (was special) but to come here we as a team know that s an extremely hard challenge to come here and beat a really good team. They ve got a full strength team; there s no injuries. So to come here and do what we ve done is right up there certainly in my career. The Adelaide Test will be South Africa s first under lights and using the pink ball. - TMG Sport