Actress Thami Ngoma and her family are reeling in shock after the murder of her first-born child Siyamthanda.While the family was frantically trying to get hold of Siyamthanda, a 22-year-old University of Johannesburg, Soweto campus student, his phone was answered by a man who told his father "we did not kill him".Siyamthanda was gunned down a few kilometres away from his home in Witpoortjie, Roodepoort, on the West Rand on Monday last week.A bullet went through his nose into his mouth and through his right shoulder blade, Ngoma said.She said her son left home on the day go write an exam but the family got worried when he did not return home by 8.30pm."He does not roam around and when he had late study appointments with friends, he'd notify us. It was worrying that he had not returned home. At first, when his father [Ntokozo] called him, his phone was answered by a stranger."The man said he was a taxi driver and that Siyamthanda might have forgotten his bag in the taxi while they were swapping passengers."Later, [calls to] his phone went to voice mail. We called his friends but none of them knew where he was."Ngoma said the next morning, Ntokozo saw a group of people standing near an open field."When he enquired, he was told that there was a dead person lying there. So he went to see who it was. He discovered that it was our son ..."I also went to the scene. He was lying there, lifeless. I will never get that picture out of my mind. He was probably calling for me and for help," said Ngoma, who has featured in several television shows, adverts and theatre productions, including the popular Fat Black Women Sing.Ngoma said she believed that her son fought the robbers and could possibly identify them, which led them to kill him."It is hard for us to accept that he is gone. His death has affected us. There was so much that we were looking forward to from him."Since he started his studies in small business entrepreneurship in 2012, he got five distinctions. He was determined and worked very hard."She said the university said they would name a scholarship after Siyamthanda and a soccer tournament would be held in his honour on Friday. His body was transported to Queenstown in Eastern Cape yesterday where he will be buried on Saturday.Police spokesman Captain Walter Spencer said investigation was continuing and that no arrests had been made. UJ had not responded to questions at the time of going to print.Yesterday Sowetan reported about another UJ student, Kelvin Baloyi, who was shot dead allegedly by security guards at a private residence.mashabas@sowetan.co.za