Lars Veldwijk got off to a bright start in his first Bafana Bafana training session on Tuesday despite being troubled by the heat in Polokwane banging in an impressive goal in a training match.The 25-year-old Dutch-South African is hoping to impress Bafana coach Ephraim Shakes Mashaba enough to make his international debut in Saturday s crucial 2018 World Cup qualifier against Senegal at Peter Mokaba Stadium (kickoff: 3pm).Veldwijk the 1.96-metre striker from Bidvest Wits goalkeeper Darren Keet s old Belgian club KV Kortrjik has earned a first call-up to South Africa on the back of an impressive scoring record in Europe.The player said his father a South African citizen and the reason Veldwijk is eligible to play for Bafana will travel to Polokwane to be in the stands on Saturday. It was a nice training session. A bit hot. It s different between Belgium and here Veldwijk said after getting his first run-out with his new team-mates on Tuesday. Limpopo is one of the hottest parts of South Africa so it s a bit tough for me. But it was a very good session. I enjoyed meeting the players. I hope to be able to impress the coach enough to play. But that s up to the coach. We have had just the one training and there are a few to go. Veldwijk a man mountain of a forward who scored 14 goals in 33 games for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie last season said he has only briefly met with Mashaba since his arrival. We had just a small chat when I arrived but it was late in the evening. I hope to have a longer one later this week. The striker said the timing of his call-up caught him by surprise. In March it was in a newspaper and then it didn t happen for a few months Veldwijk said. After I told my dad he made time from his work this week so he will arrive tomorrow [on Wednesday]. He will be there for the match. I am a bit nervous but most of all it's a lot of positive energy new things and new players. I m looking forward to it. For Weldwijk from international obscurity there is the chance of competing on the global stage of the World Cup in Russia in two years if he becomes a regular for Bafana and the campaign goes well for the national team. As a footballer you want to play on the highest stage. We have the possibility to qualify for the World Cup so we have to go for that. Senegal are a good team and they have some good players so it will be a difficult match. But we play at home hopefully with a lot of our fans so I m positive about Saturday. Bafana started their Russia 2018 qualifiers with a 1-1 away draw against Burkina Faso last month.Senegal began with a 2-0 home win against Cape Verde Islands. - TMG Digital