Tomorrow, Samantha Molepi will say her final goodbyes to her mother who was among four women who died in the Hartbeespoort Dam boat tragedy.But the 19-year-old from Popcorn Valley in Reiger Park, Ekurhuleni, still has unanswered questions about the accident that claimed her mother Roselyn Molepi's life on Saturday."We have not heard anything from the boat company. We want to know what happened."Samantha is the oldest of Molepi's three children, who include Nonhlanhla, 14, and five-year-old Sibusiso. Molepi was 36 and a breadwinner."I helped my mother get dressed and put on her make-up on Saturday morning. She was glowing and was over the moon. She was going on a cruise for the first time," Samantha said."My grandmother walked her to the taxis. None of us knew that that would be the last time we ever saw her."She said Molepi was undergoing training for a better position at work. "We were helping her with her assignments and she was looking forward to the future . Everything my mother did was for us as her children."I am going to miss her beautiful smile, support and love. We have lost a very important person in our lives and we want someone to tell us what happened."She will be buried at the New Boksburg Cemetery.Among the other women who died was Molepi's best friend and colleague Portia Gumede, 36.Molepi, Gumede and another victim, whose family asked police not to release their contact details, drowned when a small overloaded rescue boat capsized.Gumede's sister Lindi Gumede said moments before the cruise boat caught fire, she had called her son Thando, 16. "She said to him, 'love you and I will always love you'." Gumede from Dlamini, Soweto, had organised the trip to the dam."It is tragic. It was a year-end function. Her colleagues said she was enjoying herself on the boat. She was friendly and noisy. We are shattered."She will be buried at Avalon Cemetery on Sunday.Another victim, Gwen Mnguni, 33, died of smoke inhalation trapped in the boat's toilet.Mnguni, from Diepkloof was with her husband Nhlonipho, 37, celebrating their fifth year anniversary. They have three children, and the youngest is 17 months old. She will be buried at Calgro Memorial Park.Boat owner Nico Wessels said: "We have sent our condolences to all families who lost their loved ones in this tragedy. Words seem inadequate to express the sadness felt ."