There's no reason for Bafana Bafana to fear Senegal's European-based players.This is the view of right-back Ramahlwe Mphahlele, who believes the senior national team's players are as good as the likes of Sadio Man , Cheikhou Kouyate and Kalidou Koulibaly.After winning six out of six 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying matches, Senegal come into the World Cup qualifiers as one of the favourites to book a spot in Russia in 2018.They got their campaign off to a convincing start with a 2-0 victory over Cape Verde in Dakar last month.Bafana, who drew 1-1 with Burkina Faso in Ouagadougou last month, cannot afford to lose at home on Saturday, or they will slowly start kissing their chances of qualifying goodbye."We see guys like Man and others, but that does not mean anything. We also have players who play overseas. We have local-based players who are as good as Man and the other Senegal players."We showed this against Burkina Faso who have players playing in Europe like [Bertrand] Traore at Ajax Amsterdam. We showed we are as good as them."Obviously, we know the importance of [winning] this game. We played well in Ouagadougou, but a lapse of concentration at the last minute let us down."As much as it was a good point for us, we should have won that game. On Saturday we just need to take our chances and defend well throughout the game. I think we will win," Mphahlele saidHe believes the return of midfielder Andile Jali and central defender Rivaldo Coetzee will make Bafana stronger."It's always important to have everyone fit for the national team. Hlompho [Kekana] and Dean [Furman] played well against Burkina Faso and it's good to have Jali back because he makes the team stronger. Rivaldo gives the coach more options in defence."Having played in different African countries where supporters come out in numbers to support their teams, Mphahlele hope Peter Mokaba Stadium will be packed to the rafters on Saturday."Usually when we play in Polokwane we get a good number of fans." Bafana left for Polokwane yesterday to begin their preparations, with Belgium-based striker Lars Veldwijk.