Platinum Stars coach Cavin Johnson admits his side have not quite hit the heights he had hoped for so far this season but is confident they can continue their turnaround when they host table-topping Bidvest Wits on Saturday night.Stars who finished third last season are currently ninth with just a single win in their last eight games and two in the league all season having infused a number of youngsters into their squad this campaign.Their last victory did come last time out at Lamontville Golden Arrows though and Johnson says the difficult run of results is not a true reflection of how the team has played. Stars' previous win was in their first game of the season 1-0 at home against SuperSport United. In some moments we have done really well in others not Johnson told TMG Sport. But I don t think we have been as bad as the result suggest. If I look at the matches against Baroka and Bloemfontein Celtic [both 1-0 home losses] we threw away the games completely. They did not score in open play they scored from our faults we had 60% of the possession and somehow lost. We should have won those games and then things look a whole lot better don t they? Then we are right up at the top of the table and people are not asking questions about us. Those [defeats] were very disappointing for me much more painful than the happiness I felt after the game against Chippa [1-1 away draw] and Golden Arrows [1-0 away win] in our last two matches. But we are learning. Wits visit the Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace on the back of four straight wins in the league and 16 points from a possible 18 so for this campaign. They have done very well but we know the type of game they will play. I think for us it is just about countering that Johnson said.Stars have lost their last three home games without scoring a goal and were beaten 4-0 in this fixture last season.They have in fact not beaten Wits at home in the league since a 2-1 success in 2012 with two 0-0 draws to go with that hammering last season since then. - TMG Sport