Saving as a stokvel or group in other products besides bank deposits is easier than you think.So, you've made a decision to start doing so, but still have some concerns. Below are answers to some common misunderstandings with the hope of inspiring you to start saving in other products:Assumption: We need a lot of money to invest in the stock marketYou only need R500 a month to start a basic investment. As a group you can either invest a lump sum or you can make a regular investment each month. You also have an opportunity to add more money to your account at any time.Assumption: We will not have access to our money when we want itThere are no minimum investment periods if you invest in a unit trust, which is a suitable option for most stokvels. You are able to withdraw your investments whenever you need the money without paying any penalties.Assumption: Our money is not safe except when it's in the bankBy law, before a unit trust fund can be launched, the unit trust management company needs to appoint a trustee to ensure that your money is protected.Even if the company that manages your money goes bankrupt, the trustee will hold your assets safely on your behalf.Assumption: Our money will drop in value and we do not want thatAll investments have risks, even money that you have in a bank is exposed to some risks. However, how much your money moves up and down depends on the risk you take.There are unit trust funds that are aimed at protecting your money but provide you with a return better than what you get from a notice deposit.Assumption: We will be charged higher feesFees are only a problem if you do not see the value of what you are paying for. For example, medical services are not cheap but you cannot doubt the value you get from your doctor.Fees in the financial sector are regulated and you can negotiate fees with your adviser. Always make sure you are getting value for your money.Assumption: We do not trust anyone with our moneyBy law, any person who provides advice must be registered with the Financial Services Board (FSB).Apart from this you should request your adviser to provide you with his or her credentials and can search for these on the FSB website. That way you can be sure that they are qualified to provide advice.Assumption: We have to follow someone else's rulesInvesting in a unit trust is the most flexible way of investing. There are no rules that prevent you from running your stokvel as you always have.Contact Inkunzi Wealth Group on 087 160 0018, or e-mail invest@iwgsa.co.za.