US Consul-General Teddy Taylor does not anticipate a major shift in South African-US relations after the election victory of Republican Donald Trump. I don t think it means anything major for US-South African relations said Taylor. US policy in South Africa has been non-partisan for many years through many administrations both Democratic and Republican. I don t think there s any reason for us to expect major change in the nature of the relationship. He was speaking at a US Consulate election party at the Taj Cape Town hotel on Wednesday. Diplomats business leaders local politicians and guests who had earlier predicted a landslide victory by Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in a mock poll were still digesting what impact the election would have on South Africa. It takes a couple of days for the reality to set in and I m sure a lot of those Americans who said I m going to move to South Africa once reality does set in they ll probably end up staying home Taylor said. The American people have spoken and in a democratic society you accept the vote. And we move on I guess in the end he added.There was tension at the event which got off to an early start around 4am as the results trickled in and Trump edged closer to victory. Then the mood turned to disbelief.Cape Town Mayor Patricia de Lille was surprised by the US political season and had hoped for a win by Clinton [A Trump victory] is a victory for right-wing racist politics she said. It doesn t bode well for the world. San Francisco native Carrie Gibbons also present at the Taj event expressed her frustrations. I m very disappointed in the outcome she said. Unfortunately I think some of the things Trump has said have been very negative about women and minorities and immigrants and Muslims I think that this is not a good position for the United States to be in in terms of leading the world. Professor John Stremlau from the Department of International Relations at Wits University foresaw more global instability and threats to all levels of society after the election of Trump. There are huge threats. It s a threat to America it s a threat to the alliance system it s a threat to the global trading order he said.Stremlau also predicted a deterioration in US-South African relations once Trump was inaugurated in January. Trump doesn t care about South Africa he said. He has made some derogatory comments about South Africa s instability and lack of prospects but I don t think he s thought about it. He s never read a book of Africa he doesn t read any books. It s bound to create tremendous insecurities and instabilities on the economic front that s for sure. It s going to create huge uncertainties for all states in dealing with America but also specifically for South Africa. And certainly with all of the 200 000 jobs out here that are a result of US investments he said. video TMG Digital/The Times 