The Black First Land First (BLF) party on Wednesday laid charges against businessman Johann Rupert and 16 other high profile officials and business people accusing them of stealing R26 billion from the South African Reserve Bank (Sarb).BLF national deputy coordinator Tshidiso Tsimong confirmed the case was opened at the Hillbrow Police Station. Our case is currently sitting with the police. The matter will be escalated to the Hawks. That s what the police told us he said.BLF alleges that Rupert and other white capitalists stole from the people when money was allegedly siphoned from state coffers through various schemes towards the end of the apartheid era.The allegations first came to light when UK-based investigation and asset recovery firm Ciex produced a report naming Absa Nedbank Sanlam and Remgro of which Rupert is non-executive chair and other companies.The report detailed the misuse of government funds by the apartheid government and made recommendations on how the money should be recovered.Former Public Protector Thuli Madonsela was investigating the conduct of former presidents Thabo Mbeki and Nelson Mandela following the Ciex report s release.Tsimong said Mbeki former Sarb governor Tito Mboweni and former finance minister Trevor Manuel are among the 16 people aginst whom seven charges have been levelled including theft fraud and embezzlement. [They did not steal] but they knew about this case and they did nothing about it. That is why we have implicated them in the matter. Tsimong urged the men to cooperate with the law and testify in a trial.BLF will now await instruction from the Hawks Tsimong said.In a statement on Thursday the movement said it hoped incumbent Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane would continue the investigation. BLF had asked the former Public Protector Advocate Thuli Madonsela to speed up the investigation on this issue. However... after promising to finalise the matter by the end of 2015 [she] left office without doing so. BLF hopes that the new public protector shall carry the investigation forward it said. TMG Digital 