The self-described whistleblower in South African cricket s match-fixing saga Alviro Petersen has been charged with corruption.Cricket South Africa (CSA) said on Saturday the former test opening batsman would face the music under six different sections of their anti-corruption code all in connection with skulduggery in last year s franchise T20 competition that has already seen five players banned including former internationals Thami Tsolekile and Gulam Bodi.According to a CSA release Pietersen has been charged with: Contriving to fix or otherwise improperly influence or being party to a scheme in which attempts would be made to fix or otherwise improperly influence a match or matches ... Seeking to accept accepting or agreeing to accept a bribe or reward to fix or contrive to fix or influence improperly a match or matches ... Failing to disclose to the designated anti-corruption official (without unnecessary delay) full details of any approaches or invitations to engage in corrupt conduct under the code ... Failure to disclose to the designated anti-corruption official (without unnecessary delay) full details of any incident or fact that may evidence corrupt conduct under the code by another participant ... Nine counts of failing to disclose (without unnecessary delay) accurate and complete information and/or documentation to the designated anti-corruption official ... Obstructing or delaying the investigation by concealing tampering with or destroying information or documentation relevant to the investigation. In March Petersen said on social media that As far as I m concerned I m under no investigation. I confirm that I reported the matter to (SA Cricketers Association chief executive) Tony Irish and (Cricket SA s anti-corruption officer) Louis Cole three days after I was made aware of the fixing scandal. Under the anti-corruption code you have to report any knowledge of corruption and I did that as required by the code. Subsequent to me reporting the matter two other players also came forward and reported that they were approached. I told the (anti-corruption unit) that all I wanted was for them to stop the fixing in the (2015 franchise T20 competition) before it happened ... I was told that this could become a criminal matter under SA law. I was in daily communication with the (anti-corruption unit) after I reported the matter. They knew about my meetings and discussions with others. Petersen told TMG in March Yes I am the whistleblower. Petersen who has 14 days to respond to the charges has been provisionally suspended the release said from playing coaching or otherwise being involved in any capacity in any match under its jurisdiction or that of the International Cricket Council or any other ICC member .The 35-year-old former Proteas test opener promoted himself as the beacon of moral virtue in the ongoing match-fixing saga that marred last season s Ram Slam T20 tournament that saw a number of cricketers being suspended for varying lengths of time.Petersen spent the South African winter plying his trade for English county side Lancashire and was set to represent the Highveld Lions in the T20 Franchise Challenge that began at the Wanderers on Saturday. In terms of Article 8.1 of the Code and in terms of standard practice CSA did not want to comment further on the matter.Former Proteas players Thami Tsolekile and Gulam Bodi alongside franchise players Jean Symes Pumelela Matshikwe and Ethy Mbhalati copped suspensions varying from seven to 20 years.(With additional reporting from Khanyiso Tshwaku) -TMG Digital/TMG Sport/Cape Newsroom 