Local experts said that America could become the most unpleasant place to visit if Donald Trump wins the US presidential elections.The University of the Witwatersrand s Professor Tinashe Chuchu said a Trump victory will have major political and economic implications on South Africa. If there is a Trump victory if he keeps his word for trade tariffs to go up to 35% what this could mean is that it could be more expensive for South African companies to do business with the US and that could potentially devastate the South African economy because America is one of South Africa s biggest trading partners Chuchu said.USA ELECTION LIVE: Follow it as it unfoldsHe added that South African businesses would end up producing products they can not sell to their biggest market.Chuchu said the Migration Act which Trump wants to tighten will have serious implications on the tourism relationship between the two countries. The Trump presidency wants to tighten visa regulations and that s why he wanted to remove 11-million Mexicans. I think South Africans may find it harder to get a visa approval to go to America he said.His fellow Wits academic Professor Patrick Bond said Trump was erratic: With Trump it s very difficult to predict because he is such a wild card and his statements are absolutely insane Bond said a main concern for a Trump win is that America could become xenophobic. What we can expect is that America will become the most unpleasant place for anyone to visit he said. The champagne on ice was the coolest thing in the room where diplomats business leaders and local politicians gathered at the Taj Cape Town hotel to witness a tense climax to the US elections.Nearly 200 people squeezed into the hotel conference room decked out with US flags blue and red balloons and enough pomp to match the occasion from around 4am to find out who would become the next president of the United States.Emotions ran high as results trickled through on big screens set up throughout the hall and nobody was willing to make an outright prediction. In a mock pole set up at the venue people voted overwhelmingly for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. But the mood turned to one of disbelief as the real results showed Republican Donald Trump taking the lead.American citizen Patricia Carter who moved to Cape Town last year said she was already receiving enquiries from friends back home on how to emigrate to South AfricaAmongst the crowd were Western Cape provincial MEC for tourism Alan Winde and Cape Town Mayor Patricia De Lille.De Lille said that she was surprised by this year s political season and was hoping for a victory for the Democratic Party. A Donald Trump win would be a victory for right-wing racist politics that wouldn t bode well for the world she said. Clinton is a very seasoned politician and it s public knowledge that she s a friend of South Africa said De Lille - Farren Collins And Samantha Paisley . TMG Digital 