Just when we thought we could at last celebrate a meaningful Bafana Bafana win, Shakes Mashaba's eccentric behaviour has spoilt it all.No one can match Mashaba when it comes to self-destruction and, having warned him after he took over the job for a third spell two years ago, the Bafana coach simply won't listen.Now he finds himself suspended by the SA Football Association, following his very public rant after SA beat Senegal in a World Cup qualifier at the weekend.Why would anyone, after securing such a fraught, crucial win, go on an angry tirade when they actually should be celebrating?I know it makes little sense, but this is Mashaba we are dealing with here, someone who's always in the mood for a fight.Mashaba's history of petulant outbursts - from when he was removed as coach for Bafana's 2003 friendly against England, to being sacked in 2004 for refusing to be "flexible" - is well documented. He's never been fired from the national team for poor results.Now he's about to be sacked when he's actually won a key game. Bra Shakes has simply refused to grow a thick skin. He has allowed even the slightest of critiques to define him. He has refused to be his own man.Bra Shakes almost always makes us aware of what's being said of him, without provocation. A few weeks ago he went on a rant about an article that apparently had described him as "arrogant". Some of us had completely missed the article, such was its irrelevance. Yet Bra Shakes saw fit to mention it. It turned out it was much ado about nothing.How many of us were aware that in the build-up to last Saturday's match against Senegal, Bra Shakes had been ill-treated by Safa?We were not aware that he was a "dead man walking", or that he had not been given any support leading up to the game.Mashaba volunteered this information in the most bizarre manner, losing his cool as the Safa bosses descended on the Peter Mokaba Stadium pitch to congratulate the team on a job well done. It didn't matter to him that TV cameras were rolling.This blatant lack of tact ultimately defines Mashaba. I have previously narrated a story of how, as an intern many years ago, he told journalists at a post-match presser at Vosloorus Stadium: "I can't even sleep with my wife when I think of these people [Safa leadership]."Even then, as is the case now, the issue was about how, as under-23 coach, he hadn't had support from the football bosses. More than 16 years later, I'm starting to wonder if this lack of support is real, or just imaginary.Mashaba has for the umpteenth time proven that he is bereft of a key ingredient when occupying a leadership position: composure. He is ill-suited to be a national coach. He allows emotions to overwhelm him. He cannot navigate minefields. Instead, he walks straight into traps and helps detonate the bombs set for him by his superiors.His impending dismissal will, sadly, not draw too many tears, even from those of us who had unequivocally supported him.