Owen da Gama believes a change in coaching personnel would affect Bafana Bafana's promising start to the 2018 Fifa World Cup qualifiers.Da Gama stood in for suspended Shakes Mashaba in Bafana's 1-1 draw in the international friendly against Mozambique in Maputo on Tuesday night.He's hoping Mashaba will be restored to his position so that they finish off what they started in the qualifiers. Bafana are on four points in their qualifying group after a 1-1 draw with Burkina Faso in Ouagadougou last month and a 2-1 victory over Senegal in Polokwane on Saturday."Continuity always favours whatever situation you are in. So we would hope for continuity and not change things a lot. If a new coach comes in, he could change everything and that could be more uncertain than continuity," said Da Gama, who is unsure of his future."We just have to wait and see what happens. We don't know what lies in store for us [the technical team] as well."Da Gama admits it was difficult to psyche the players up for Tuesday's match after the drama surrounding Mashaba's suspension.Bafana were poor in the first half and were fortunate to go into the break just a goal down.Substitute Bradley Grobler equalised before the hour mark after Clesio Bauque had given the hosts a first-half lead."From a psychological perspective it was difficult. We tried to psyche them up and say to the ones who did not play against Senegal that this is an opportunity for you. I was happy that we turned things around in the second half."New Bafana striker Lars Veldwijk made his debut and was taken off at half time after a disappointing first half. He wasted a good opportunity in the 14th minute when his close-range header went wide."I'm sure he was disappointed [to be substituted]. But it was all about getting a feel and for him to understand what the culture's like," said Da Gama. "That does not close the door for him. It's all about his form at his club. He needs more time."Meanwhile, Mashaba is said to be heading for the exit after bringing Safa into disrepute with his tirade in front of his bosses at Peter Mokaba Stadium. His disciplinary hearing is pending.Bafana next face Cape Verde in a World Cup qualifier in August next year. Before then, they will take part in the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, which begin in March.