Sun City - Always short of an invite long distance and long time admirer of the Nedbank Golf Challenge (NGC) Sweden's Alex Noren surged to the title on the back of a blistering final round 63 here yesterday. I watched this tournament on TV a lot growing up and it was always a tournament I wanted to get into and eventually I did the 34-year-old said with a broad smile yesterday.He had to shoot low yesterday to overhaul South Korea's Jeunghun Wang who held a six shot advantage over him at the start of the day. Noren however became the first player since Sergio Garcia in 2001 to successfully come from six back after the third round. I didn't think I had a chance from six shots back. I wanted to get a good round in and get a good feel for next week. Maybe work on my swing. I thought going under par would be a great score. My putter was hot. Noren needed a low round to overturn the deficit to third round leader Jeunghun Wang. He shot 63 for a tournament score of 14-under par to run away with the title which seemed out of reach when South Korea's Wang went two under for the day on the fourth hole.Noren however fired eight birdies and an eagle to snatch the $1.16m (R16 72m) first prize and move inside the top 10 (9th) in the world rankings.He has now captured the Scottish Open the European Masters British Masters and the NGC in the space of 11 events which is remarkable when you consider it took him 214 tournaments to win his first four.Wang's round unravelled on the back nine bogeying 13 15 16 and 18 but he held on to second place on eight under.South Africa's Brendan Grace England's Andy Sullivan France's Victor Dubuisson Portugal's Ricardo Gouveia and Spain's Alejandro Canizares finished seven under.Noren the second round leader vacated the blocks with bolt-like intent. He birdied the first three holes and picked up another on the fifth. That still left him four shots adrift of Wang.The precision play that characterised Wang's third round all but deserted him and he increasingly flirted with danger. He birdied the fourth but got desperately lucky on the fifth when he stray tee shot bounced back out of the bush onto the flanking the fairway nudged a spectator and came to rest in the rough. Still he relinquished a shot to par on that hole but it could have been much worse.It represented a momentum shift however. Another stray tee shot on the eighth left Wang in the dwang and he duly double bogeyed. Earlier on the same hole Noren birdied before he eagled the 10th and birdied the 11th.That effectively left him nine under for the round after 11 holes.There was a glimmer of hope for Noren's nearest rivals when he found the notorious love grass on the 14th which is wickedly located inside the bunker guarding the front of the green. Noren however masterfully extricated his ball hitting across the green but had to settle for bogey. It was the only blemish on his card.Noren played himself into contention for the Race to Dubai but Henrik Stenson still leads those standings with Danny Willett (2nd) and Rory McIlroy (fourth) capable of lifting the crown. - TMG Digital