The father of murder accused Warona Zinde is willing to back his son, despite laying criminal charges against him.Yesterday, Warona, 23, appeared briefly in court for the third time for allegedly assaulting his father, Lebohang Mohale Manoto, with a glass and trying to strangle him. He is facing a charge of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.Warona is facing a criminal case in the Vereeniging Magistrate's Court.It is alleged that on November 6 Warona attacked Manoto, struck him with the glass on his face and tried to strangle him while he was reading a newspaper at his home in Walkerville, south of Johannesburg.Manoto was rescued by his wife. Manoto later laid charges against his son at De Deur police station."Nothing provoked him to attack me. He took me by complete surprise. I am still shocked," he said during the interview.Manoto took Warona into his custody at his home in Walkerville after he was released on a R10000 bail in September for allegedly murdering his mother Hope Zinde, on June 6.Zinde, a former journalist and SABC board member, went missing for several days before her body was found stuffed in the boot of a car at her house in Pecanwood Estate in Hartbeespoort, North West."Since he came to stay with me, he was noncommunicative. He was quiet. I have been open to my son. He was a changed man. I never fought with him before and don't know why he did that."He was complying with bail conditions and was reporting to De Deur police station daily," he said.Manoto said he became aware of his son's drug problem in 2013 when Hope alerted him.He said one of the major problems relating to the drug addiction was that Warona could have had access to his mother's finances.Manoto said he didn't know if Warona had a history of violent behaviour.Earlier in court, Warona's lawyer Francois Joubert said he would represent him during his bail application on November 28.Warona's grandmother Audrey Zinde, his father and other relatives were present in court to offer him support."We are here as a family to support him. There is nothing more we can say about this matter. He is our child and needs our support," said Audrey."We are going to meet and see how we can accommodate him."During his previous bail application in the Brits Magistrate's Court on September 20, for the murder charge, state prosecutor, advocate Hanna Conradie argued that Warona should not be granted bail because he would undermine the criminal justice system and bail conditions.However, magistrate Moses Maswanganyi granted him bail as he was a first-time offender.Warona is scheduled to appear in the Brits Magistrate's Court on November 22 on a murder charge.ntwagaes@sowetan.co.za