The state can now take pictures and video footage of the four men arrested for allegedly killing businessman Wandile Bozwana execution-style last year.These will then be compared against footage captured on CCTV in connection to the hit on Bozwana. The state wants to use this evidence to finalise charges against the four.Three of the suspects, who include a Pretoria businessman alleged to have recruited his co-accused for the hit, had previously refused to have their pictures taken.During their appearance last month, their former lawyer, Victor Nkwashu, told the court his clients rejected the exercise.The fourth suspect, who is represented by a separate lawyer, was not opposed to the exercise.But yesterday the Pretoria Prison Court in Kgosi Mampuru II Prison heard all four suspects have now agreed to have their photos and footage taken.State prosecutor Matric Luphondo told the court that "by agreement between the state and defendants photos and footage" of the accused will be taken "so that comparisons can be made".This will be done tomorrow and the matter will then be postponed to November 30. The state will then finalise the indictment and formal charges against the four.Norman Makhubela, the new lawyer for the three accused, told the court the agreement was on condition that the footage and pictures are not used to implicate his clients in any criminal acts they might have been involved in."I confirm the agreement. The thrust of the agreement is that this video footage will be used precisely for this matter," he said.Police arrested the four between November 2015 and July this year. Bozwana died in hospital in October last year. He was ambushed by gunmen who opened fired on his car. He had stopped at a traffic light on the N1 Garsfontein off-ramp. Bozwana was hit by nine bullets.In addition to a murder charge the four also face an attempted murder charge. Bozwana was with a female companion, Mpho Baloyi, during the hit. The hit on Bozwana is widely believed to be connected to his court battles against the North West government. Speculation has been rife that the suspects will spill the beans on who ordered the hit.nkosib@sowetan.za