New Ajax Cape Town coach Stanley Menzo says his team needs to show more control in matches if they are to get themselves out of the relegation zone.Ajax remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier Soccer League after a 2-1 defeat to Maritzburg United on Saturday in which they conceded the winning goal with the final kick of the game.It was another crushing blow for a side already low on confidence.And with an away trip to Platinum Stars to come on Tuesday and African champions Mamelodi Sundowns after that they face a difficult few matches to come. We didn t do so bad Menzo said. The way we trained was to get more ball possession and take control of the game. The first half we controlled and they [Maritzburg] didn t have a big chance but in the second half we needed to be better. We have to learn to control the game because out of that we get chances and they [the opposition] don t. Menzo reveals he did even enter his team s dressingroom after the Maritzburg loss saying he wanted to let his players discuss the loss among themselves first. I didn t go into the dressingroom I think it was something they had to deal with themselves. I will speak with them but I don t think it [the atmosphere] was too good. It is very hard to lose a game in the last second. Menzo says there are some positives his side can take from the game the way they fought back from a goal down and largely kept possession of the ball. There were positives it is something to go on with but we need points that s important at this moment. A lot of other things were not good enough to win games he said. I will speak with the players individually and we will watch videos and we will see if we can learn and turn it around with those positive things. Confidence won t be high. All the positive things I must show them [on video] but I must also show them the negatives. We need to talk about the things we did not do well. Menzo says Bafana Bafana defender Rivaldo Coetzee is touch-and-go for the Platinum Stars game after missing the Maritzburg defeat but lanky forward Nathan Paulse is definitely out after fracturing his cheekbone. With Rivaldo we will see what his progress is the same with [Luthando] Mateza. Nathan needs another week. He also expressed concern over the form of forward Tashreeq Morris who was replaced in the second half against United. I took Tashreeq out because I think at this moment he is out of form he does not have that thing that we are used to from him Menzo said. - TMG Digital