Ernst Middendorp left Maritzburg United because he did not want to compromise the club on the field or its brand the coach said in a bizarre statement on the club s website on Thursday.United announced on Thursday that Middendorp has been released from his two-year contract.The club said the coach who saved United from relegation last season by the narrowest of margins and from an almost impossible situation had been tasked with building a team that could compete with the top clubs in the Premier Soccer League.United lost 3-2 away against Cape Town City in their league match at Athlone Stadium on Tuesday night. However their results had not been overly poor.They won their previous game 2-1 against Ajax Cape Town at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday United s first-ever league away win against the Urban Warriors.Before that United had drawn against Highlands Park and Golden Arrows at home and Free State Stars away.They also lost on penaties against Kaizer Chiefs in a Telkom Knockout quarterfinal at FNB Stadium after a 0-0 draw after extra time.Maritzburg are in ninth place in the PSL.The club s chairman Farouk Kadodia could not be contacted on his cellphone.In a statement on Maritzburg s website Middendorp was quoted as saying that this season: We [Maritzburg] identified the players that we wanted to bring in and we signed 11 plus the youngsters that we promoted from the Diski [reserve] team who are now regulars in the first team. The blend of youth and experience who quickly understood the philosophy we were using produced good performances for everybody to see. However again on the field circumstances put us in a disadvantage and as such we lost critical points that would see us on a much better position on the log by now. It was very difficult to continue under such circumstances. Eventually after the Highlands Park game where even the fans became emotional I took two days off to reflect on the situation and the club brand being under threat as a result. I then approached the chairman and persuaded him to release me from the contract for the sake of avoiding damage to the club and to protect the brand. I indicated that after the Cape Town assignment I would resign."The chairman tried very hard to persuade me to stay and complete what I had started but I felt very strongly that it is in the interest of the club that I step down. Because with me in the equation it would be difficult to experience a different situation on the field than what we had experienced already. I had to remove myself from the equation. I believe that I have assembled a squad that is capable of challenging to be in a strong position this season and I would therefore not like to see them being compromised. I leave the club with a very clear conscience that we worked well together and I received a lot of support from the chairman the board management and the players and I wish them all the best for the remainder of the season and the future. It is not the first time Middendorp has quit a club under difficult circumstances to explain.He left Free State Stars 11 months ago when the club were in a strong position in the league and took up the job left vacant at struggling Maritzburg by the departure of Mandla Ncikazi saying United had a stronger squad.Middendorp has appeared to have his disagreements with United s management this season about some wild off-field statements some aimed at Lamontville Golden Arrows chairwomen and acting PSL CEO Mato Madlala. Maritzburg publicly distanced themselves from these utterances.In April Middendorp and Ncikazi then assistant coach at Arrows were involved in an ugly touchline altercation in a KZN derby at Princess Magogo Stadium. - TMG Digital