Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane is happy at how Percy Tau is establishing himself as a fourth dimension to the Brazilians vaunted CBD trio in attack.Sundown s breathtaking array of skills and destructive talent in their frontline were again evident as they outclassed Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 in Saturday s big Premier Soccer League match-up in front of a packed Loftus Versfeld.Colombian Leonardo Castro made a return from a four-month absence as an 82nd-minute substitute.His introduction would have meant last season s CBD would have been reunited had it not been for the absence of injured Khama Billiat.Keagan Dolly the third member started.Tau a complete handful for Chiefs on Saturday has staked his claim to add a fourth dimension while Castro has been away.Mosimane might have mentioned that Anthony Laffor s transformation from a super-sub to a starting XI terror has added a fifth.Throw in the potential of Thapelo Morena who has played right-back for two matches but is naturally a winger and the improving Sibusiso Vilakazi and Mosimane might have pointed out that Downs now are on the verge of boasting CBTLD with an M and a V threatening to contribute too.Downs coach did as he had after his side destroyed SuperSport United in play but could not put them away with goals in a penalties Telkom Knockout quarterfinal defeat two weeks ago point to the rawness and relative inexperience of some of his frontline superstars. Our challenge is that our players are still a little bit young with the exception of Vila [Sibusiso Vilakazi]. Bu Percy Tau Keagan Dolly even Thapelo Morena Khama Billiat. Keagan needs maybe one or two more years before he can go overseas. He s not yet the product who is ready for Europe. Because sometimes he passes when he needs to dribble or dribbles when he should pass. But he showed maturity on the first goal he controlled the ball and he waited and he released Langer . Percy s a happy boy. He reminds me of Ronaldinho he just plays. But then he forgets to score. He s just having fun. It s nice. It s good to see. But Hey Percy you have to score . But give him a year and he will get there. If Percy takes on Mulomowandau Mathoho or Clayton Daniels one-on-one you know what will happen. He dribbles. And he works hard he comes back and marks and dispossesses. But I m happy that he s finding his space now in the CBD. And Anthony had a brilliant game against Chiefs. I ve never seen him so interested. He was confident and could do what he wanted to do. Left-back Tebogo Langerman equalised for Sundowns in the 41st minute two minutes after ex-Brazilian Ramahlwe Mphahlele s opener for Chiefs on the overlap in a movement involving Laffor Tau and Dolly.Vilakazi added a second in the 53rd this time Tiyani Mabunda Laffor and Tau setting up the goal. - TMG Digital