A happier dressing room under a different coach has contributed to Orlando Pirates' change in form, according to midfielder Mpho Makola.Muhsin Ertugral left his job amid rumours that he had lost the dressing room at Pirates and interim coach Augusto Palacios has lifted them.Pirates are on a three-match winning streak and face SuperSport United in the Telkom Knockout semifinal at Mbombela Stadium tomorrow [6pm], just over three weeks after being hammered 6-1 by the same side at the same venue in a league match."The changeroom has obviously changed. Everybody seems to be happy and everybody seems to be ready to play at any given time."The coach [Palacios] brought something into the team which is family-orientated and I think that has been working for us so far," said Makola."Coaches are different and they do things differently. Augusto does things differently to what Muhsin used to do."Right now it's all smiles in the changing room. Not to say it was not all smiles back then, but the mood is different now. Maybe it's because of the new coach."Since the heavy defeat to Matsatsantsa, Pirates have beaten Highlands Park in the Knockout, which was followed by 1-0 victories over Free State Stars and Chippa United in the league."It's a big confidence booster. We needed the run [of victories]. What happened against SuperSport happened. It's part of the game, it could have happened to anyone. The result was heartbreaking, [but] we are not going to dwell on it. It will go down to who wants it more on Saturday."SuperSport did not have a good game against Pirates' Soweto rivals Kaizer Chiefs in a 1-1 draw at FNB Stadium on Wednesday.Matsatsantsa captain Dean Furman said it would be foolish to think they will have another walk in the park like they did when the sides last met."In our minds it's irrelevant. That [6-1] result is long gone. We've had an international break since then and we've played games after that. We have to be very focused."In the other semifinal, Cape Town City engage Free State Stars, al tomorrow (Cape Town Stadium, 3pm).