If KwaZulu-Natal MECs were writing matric this year many of them would flunk.This is according to the DA s provincial leaders who slammed the MECs while delivering their annual year-end report card in Pietermaritzburg on Wednesday afternoon.Health MEC Sibongiseni Dhlomo bore the brunt of the criticism being given a score of 1/10. This was the lowest score of any of the MECs or departments and the second consecutive year he was the lowest-ranked official. The MEC has yet again presided over not just over-expenditure but also irregular fruitless and wasteful expenditure amounting to billions said DA provincial health spokesman Imran Keeka.But he went in even harder. The MEC continues to preside over a department that has yet again obtained a shocking audit outcome and appears nowhere near improvement. He is also one of the provincial MECs that has incurred huge travel expenses at extraordinary travel rates said Keeka.He was not the only MEC to face harsh criticism. Mxolisi Kaunda who was appointed in the dual transport and community safety and liaison role after a cabinet reshuffle earlier in the year received 2/10 for transport and 3/10 for community safety and liaison. Kaunda replaced Willies Mchunu who became premier Unfortunately MEC Kaunda has inherited a (transport) department already in ICU. To his credit he is making all the right noises and has set about establishing strategies to mitigate against existing risks in order to rescue an already sinking ship said MPL Rafeek Shah.MPL Rishigen Viranna also criticised Kaunda s performance in the community safety and liaison department. But he largely blamed Mchunu scoring him 1/10 for the rot within that department. Mchunu was given a score of 5/10 for his performance as premier.The highest praise was reserved for Financial MEC Belinda Scott who was scored 7/10. MEC Scott has again proved that she is one of the most effective in the ANC provincial cabinet leading by example when it comes to running a tight ship during extremely difficult financial times. When it comes to austerity measures the MEC walks the talk and ensures that her officials and treasury will do the same said Francois Rodgers the party s newly-appointed KZN legislature caucus leader.He said however that Scott s biggest challenge was to rein in high flying MECs and departments who will not toe the line.Rodgers said: The official opposition scorecard is a barometer of provincial government performance. It s not a pub stunt and I believe it should be taken seriously. Final scorecard:Finance Belinda Scott 7/10Human Settlements Ravi Pillay 6.5/10Public Works Ravi Pillay 6/10Sport and Recreation Bongiwe Sithole-Moloi 6/10Agriculture Themba Mthembu 5/10Office of the Premier Willies Mchunu 5/10Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Nomusa Dube-Ncube 4/10Social Development Weziwe Thusi 4/10Economic Development and Tourism Sihle Zikalala 3/10Office of the Speaker Lydia Johnson 3/10Education Mthandeni Dlungwane 3/10Arts and Culture Bongiwe Sithole-Moloi 3/10Community Safety and Liaison Mxolisi Kaunda 3/10Transport Mxolisi Kaunda 2/10Health Sibongiseni Dhlomo 1/10 TMG Digital/Durban Newsroom 