Pitso Mosimane admits he is struggling to get is players down from their high of winning the Caf Champions League keep their minds off December s Fifa Club World Cup in Japan and get them to focus on domestic football.Perhaps the Mamelodi Sundowns coach increasingly considered South Africa s Jose Mourinho for his meticulous preparation and ability to rattle the opposition with clever words was playing mind games.Downs meet Kaizer Chiefs in a Premier League match at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday and Mosimane might have been trying to play down his imposing side s concentration levels which have shown little sign of wavering through a punishing schedule.Mosimane said Sundowns players minds are in the clouds over their international prospects including playing against the world s leading clubs and players at the World Cup. These people [my players] are emotional. They re reading about the World Cup these guys are in another space the coach said. And I m not a psychologist. I m trying to say Hey guys come down we still have to play here. We are second from the bottom. We need to move up we need to play Champions league next year . So you ll feel sorry for me because I don t know what to say to them any more. They will say Hey World Cup World Cup . Mosimane hinted that Downs penalties Telkom Knockout defeat against SuperSport United before the past Fifa international break might have been a blessing in disguise and said the Brazilians may need to start prioritising competitions. You must also understand the players get the bonuses. And they are playing football for business for their families he said. These people are aware they look at the prize money. They say OK Telkom it s this. You know what I m trying to say? Just play against a team from New Zealand [in the Club World Cup] and you know what the bonus is And we still have to play the Caf Super Cup [against Caf Confederation Cup winners TP Mazembe] in February. So the Champions League for us only really ends then. And the next Champions League starts in February too. So I m trying to say to them Tennis players prioritise the Grand Slams and the other WTA tournaments are less important . I m trying to say Okay guys the league at home and the Champions League [are important]. They say Coach we just gave you those. So I say Ja again the league and again the Champions League. They say But you know our pride is at stake there s the Telkom. We have never been in this position and it s an experience for me to learn. And maybe it s for me to look at it and say Maybe we need to prioritise guys. 