Steve Komphela's system of playing three central defenders and two wing-backs may just be the downfall of Kaizer Chiefs, if what Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane's observation is anything to go by.After the Brazilians' 2-1 victory over Amakhosi at Loftus on Saturday, Mosimane spoke of how Sundowns were able to find spaces in the visiting team's defence.Wingers Anthony Laffor and Keagan Dolly were having a field day on the flanks, taking advantage of the space that was usually left open by Amakhosi's wing- backs Ramahlwe Mphahlele and Sibusiso Khumalo, who limped off with a hamstring injury before half-time."When I looked at the [Chiefs] team sheet I saw five defenders, and I asked myself what's happening here. Once you play that shape, there's no left-back and right-back, so that's where we are going to go in. They play as wing-backs," said Mosimane."When they played against Free State Stars [in the Telkom Knockout quarterfinal], Goodman Dlamini and [Danny] Venter went in that space. And [Bokang] Thlone scored using that space because there's no right-back. Any system can work, but you need to have the right personnel. Not to disrespect the opponents, but we were stronger. We overpowered them."Sundowns' victory was sealed by goals from Tebogo Langerman and Sibusiso Vilakazi, while Mphahlele scored his first Chiefs goal against his former side.Mosimane was over the moon when his R10-million acquisition Vilakazi got the winning goal, which sparked huge celebrations from the crowd and his teammates."Sbu got his goal today, but imagine if I was not patient with him, he'd be dead. I had to be patient and put him on the pitch. They've [fans] been booing him, which is not right. We spent so much money to bring him here, so I have to keep him on the pitch until he gets his confidence."Mosimane reserved praise for man of the match Percy Tau, but he'd like to see the player scoring more and passing. "Percy is a happy boy. He reminds me of Ronaldinho when he is happy. He just plays but he forgets to score. At least he created the goal for Vilakazi. Give him one more year and he will be there."