 The public deserves representatives that take their parliamentary tasks seriously and demonstrate commitment to serve. That is why the African National Congress (ANC) MPs is taking disciplinary action against the delinquent MPs who were not present in the National Assembly for the debate on the Division of Revenue Amendment Bill on Tuesday and Wednesday.Minister in the Presidency Jeff Radebe said on Thursday that that failure to pass the bill was disappointing and a matter of great concern and it had been discussed by Cabinet on Wednesday.Later on Thursday the office of the ANC s chief whip said: The failure to pass this type of draft legislation is a serious indictment on all parties in Parliament. Be that as it may the ANC as the majority party takes full responsibility for this development. A statement said that the last two sittings were declared three-line whip (compulsory attendance) sittings and as the ANC had 209 MPs who had individually confirmed attendance we were thus confident the bill would be passed . Forty had been granted leave of absence due to their Parliamentary and executive international commitments committee oversight ill health and critical personal matters .The chief whip s statement described the absence who said they would be in the house as disgraceful and downright disrespectful to the people of South Africa . The unanimous view of the Caucus is that the harshest punishment must be taken against the absentees. The will appear before the party s Caucus Disciplinary Committee which is chaired by Mathole Motshekga. This will ensure that the appropriate sanctions are meted out against the delinquent MPs to send a strong message to all and sundry that we are unwavering in our commitment to enforce diligence unwavering presence in the house and committees and an attitude of respect and accountability towards the electorate the statement added.The Democratic Alliance s David Maynier said the failure to adopt the bill represented a humiliating defeat for the ruling party. Despite two votes two three-line-whips making attendance mandatory and numerous text messages pleading with members to vote the ANC could not muster enough votes to form quorum and pass the Division of Revenue Amendment Bill Maynier said in a statement. Not even Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa s last-minute dash to vote was enough to prevent the Division of Revenue Amendment Bill from being defeated a second time in Parliament. What this proves is that the ANC are now so internally divided so dysfunctional so disinterested and so poorly disciplined that they are not even capable of getting the basics right which is simply to show up and vote in Parliament. The bill was tabled two weeks ago by Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan with the medium-term budget policy statement. It provides for a R5.41-billion adjustment to the budget. It will now be submitted to the National Assembly again next week for adoption. TMG Digital 