Pitso Mosimane says he has no intention of occupying the Bafana Bafana hotseat in the near future, amid suggestions his success at Mamelodi Sundowns makes his return almost inevitable.Mosimane served as the senior national team coach from August 2010 until June 2012, when he was sacked by the South African Football Association after the team failed to win their opening 2014 World Cup qualifier against Ethiopia.But the CAF Champions League winner says the success he's had at club level means he's already achieved most of his dreams in coaching, which would probably not be fulfilled at national level."You can't say just because you achieved something at club level, you would do the same at the national team. The programmes are different - the job is different," Mosimane told Sowetan."You have to ask yourself what's the aim of coaching the national team? You want to qualify for things such as the Africa Cup of Nations and the World Cup. I basically have done that with Sundowns. The Champions League is like the Afcon. The Fifa Club World Cup is a World Cup."The Sundowns coach said he remained thankful to the club for rescuing him from the doldrums of unemployment following his sacking by Safa."Sundowns gave me a chance when I was down and out for six months. I was jobless, and in four years, I managed to achieve one of my biggest goals - to win the Champions League. How long did it take for an SA team to win this? Twenty-one years. Sundowns made me the first South African coach to achieve that. Why would I want to go anywhere? I've never been happier."Mosimane also had a point to prove following his troubles at Bafana."I was branded a failure, but I knew my capabilities. I did say I'm one of the best coaches around, and people called me arrogant, but now I've proven it."People also tend to forget what I did at SuperSport United. It has always been my dream to conquer Africa. At SuperSport we also qualified for the Champions League group stages."Mosimane, who has won five trophies with Sundowns since joining in December 2012, added that he was even aiming for more, with the Club World Cup and the CAF Super Cup to follow in the next few weeks."For me, the journey continues. There are many things to be achieved still. But the question is whether you can go for everything. Can you compete in the Champions League and still win the league?"We had to take a weakened team to Maritzburg United in our first league game, because three days later we faced Zesco United (in a Champions League semifinal). We compromised two points."