Lucas Radede is the latest influential figure to add his weight behind the revival of schools sport. Tomorrow, the legendary Bafana Bafana and Leeds United captain will stage the inaugural ET Radebe Secondary Schools Knockout Tournament at his home town of Diepkloof, Soweto, in honour of his late mother Emily Radebe. The one-day tournament will pit eight secondary schools in a knockout format at the Diepkloof Zone 5 Grounds (9.30am to 4pm). Among the participating institutions will be Radebe's former school Bopasenatla Secondary. "I've always wanted to give back to the community of Diepkloof and thanks to my mom, there is already a solid foundation for us to build on," Radebe said yesterday. He also prided himself as a product of school sport when he related how he too was nurtured on the same dusty grounds before he went on to become a household name. "Think the late [John] 'Shoes' Moshoeu, [Benedict] Vilakazi - they are some of the names from Diepkloof who came through school sport in the early development of their careers. I also came through the same ranks. "So for me, it's all about playing a part in reviving school sport." Rhoo, as Radebe is known, said it was only fitting to include netball in the tournament to pay homage to his mother who used to own football and netball teams. "My mom was involved in almost everything involving youth, such as choir, netball and football teams. So it's left for us to pick up where she left off for the benefit of our communities. She was behind the establishment of Diepkloof Leeds, which was the holding name of the family netball and football teams mainly made up of her own children," said Radebe, one of six boys in a family of 10 children. He said the winning school will receive a floating trophy and medals. Individual player awards will also be handed out after the final, he said. Radebe, 47, said he would like to continue the tournament as an annual event during youth month. Also tomorrow, former Kaizer Chiefs defender Morgan Gould will host the final of his six-a-side tournament at Noordgesig Sports Grounds, Soweto. Ex-Bafana midfielder Maimane Phiri will also stage the final of the MAP Games featuring junior sides.