Pressure mounted on Gabon's President Ali Bongo yesterday over his disputed poll victory as his justice minister resigned over the results and former colonial ruler France suggested a recount. With Bongo claiming victory by a thin margin of some 6000 votes, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls proposed recounting the ballots. "There needs to be a clear electoral process," he told French radio station RTL yesterday, saying there were "some doubts". "It would be wise to do a recount." France has already joined the European Union and the US in calling for the results to be published according to each polling station, but until now had stopped short of demanding a recount. The move came just hours after Justice Minister Seraphin Moundounga, who is also a deputy prime minister, resigned on Monday, demanding "a recount of the votes, polling station by polling station, and registry by registry". Bongo's defeated rival Jean Ping, a veteran diplomat who has held a top African Union job, called for a general strike to force "the tyrant" out. "We cannot accept that our people will be killed like animals without reacting," Ping wrote on Facebook. "I propose to cease all activity and begin a general strike." Ping has denounced the vote as fraudulent. "We must use all means of resistance to topple this tyrant and believe me, he is on the verge of falling." But his appeal appeared to go largely unheeded in the capital yesterday, like the previous day, when banks and shops re-opened after being shuttered since last week due to post-election violence, and taxis returned to the streets. Communications Minister and government spokesman Alain-Claude Bilie-By-Nze meanwhile called demands for a recount a "plot" and said foreigners were trying to manipulate the results. He said an Ivorian national had been arrested in Ping's headquarters on Monday, adding: "We are not saying that Ivory Coast is involved, but some highly placed Ivorians are." Post-election chaos has claimed at least seven lives . Gabonese authorities said the toll was three killed and 105 wounded, with the government saying some deaths had been incorrectly attributed to the clashes.