Goodbye 2016. Please never come back. We will not miss you. History will remember you as the year of madness.Your madness in the Middle East manifested in blood and tears. Look at what you did in Syria. You wreaked havoc. You combined local dictatorship and Islamic fundamentalism with Russian and American firepower to massacre and displace millions of innocent civilians.The ruins you left behind are ghostly monuments to your hatred of art, culture and human progress. They expose barbarism as the kernel of your being, and violence as your medium of expression.You drove millions of people from failed states like Libya and Syria to walk thousands of miles, to brave the most treacherous of high seas - all in the hope of finding peace and tranquillity in Europe.We say you, 2016, must not come back because we do not wish other Europeans to catch the same madness you breathed into the people of the United Kingdom.It was in 2016 that Britons shot themselves in the foot by electing to exit the European Union in what commentators called Brexit. Now the poor Britons are confused. They know not how to proceed.2016, it is not only Europeans you have driven mad. Americans, too, have lost their minds. In January they will inaugurate a madman as their new president.The whole world is trying frantically to figure out how to immunise against the madness America promises to unleash. All of us have our fingers crossed. We hold our breath over a scary 2017.Oh 2016!The dark spirit of your madness roamed the entire universe, and finally reached our unlucky small country - South Africa. 2016, last January you introduced yourself through an unhinged woman called Penny Sparrow. She got so mad that she failed to distinguish a monkey from a black person. Surely this is insanity, not racism.While we were recovering from monkeys, you promised to atone for your sins by bringing the Nkandla madness to a close. Alas, you opened a bigger tin of worms.After the Constitutional Court found our president guilty of violating our constitution, you injected Sparrow's madness into an old black man's head. We saw a madman on television apologising for "our" confusion about Nkandla.Difficult as it was, we moved on with life, hoping to punish the madman at the municipal elections that you, 2016, gave us. After a loud and clear electoral message, the madman infected the whole party with his madness.We were told that the madman did nothing wrong, that the entire party takes "collective" ownership of the madness. Oh 2016!From the head your madness permeated our entire state, and turned functionaries who were supposed to serve our people into laughable instruments in the hands of alleged thieves from India.These people from India operated from a house in Saxonwold. One of our compromised functionaries lost his mind and revealed that they even have a secret shebeen in that rich neighbourhood, where these scoundrels kept CEOs of parastatals waiting while they were finalising the appointment of useful fools called ministers.Thank God 2016's madness did not infect all of us. The people of South Africa were able to discern that the hijackers from India were trying to capture our National Treasury, and that the madman at the top was their willing puppet.On her last day in an office previously not taken seriously, a soft-spoken but brave woman decided to leave it to the courts to decide whether or not her report should be made public.It is this report that enabled a courageous minister to table a motion of no confidence at a meeting of the mad party. Again, the party did nothing. It took "collective" ownership of the madness. That is how the year ended.Goodbye 2016. Please never come back. We will not miss you. History will remember you as the year of madness. We hope 2017 will be a year of sanity.