A high-speed chase and shootout between cops and robbers led to the death of one of four suspects in Edenvale Johannesburg on Wednesday afternoon.Crime intelligence officers and the Hawks were alerted of a suspected stolen vehicle in Honeydew on the West Rand that led to the car chase.The Mini Cooper was alleged to have been stolen in a house robbery on Sunday.Police arrested the remaining three suspects one of whom was injured and taken to hospital. The suspects vehicle turned into Modderfontein Road where a shootout ensued. The vehicle then turned into a car dealer complex where the driver lost control of the vehicle. On approaching the vehicle it was discovered that the driver had died said Gauteng police spokesperson Colonel Lungelo Dlamini.Two handguns were recovered and the suspects and one of the police vehicles were damaged during the shootout. None of the police members was injured. Police are still profiling the suspects as they might be responsible for serious and violent crimes in the province said Dlamini. The suspects will be charged with attempted murder possession of a suspected stolen vehicle as well as possession of unlicensed firearms.Confirming that one person was killed and another seriously injured in the shootout in a business park in Longmeadow Edenvale ER24 spokesman Russel Meiring said ER24 paramedics had arrived on the scene to find a heavy police presence along with an SAPS helicopter.According to reports from the scene the helicopter blocked traffic to drop of a Tactical Response team responding to the shootout. Upon inspection paramedics found a light motor vehicle parked on the side of the road riddled with bullet holes. Paramedics found the body of a man lying in the driver s seat showing no signs of life. Unfortunately the man had already succumbed to the gunshot wound to his head. Nothing more could be done for the man and he was declared dead on the scene Meiring said.He said a second man was found on the scene with a gunshot wound to his back. ER24 paramedics treated the man and thereafter transported him to Tembisa Hospital for further investigations.