As the Kaizer Chiefs players try to make sense of the ailing club s poor season goalkeeper Brilliant Khuzwayo put his hand up and accepted responsibility for the team s defeat in their last match.Chiefs were beaten 3-1 by Chippa United in Port Elizabeth in their last outing and the result incensed a section of the supporters so much that not only did they hurl abuse at besieged coach Steve Komphela and pelt him with missiles they also damaged the canopy over the entrance to the tunnel at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.Khuzwayo who got a chance to make a rare start in that game is kicking himself for failing to stake a strong claim to the No1 jersey in the absence of first choice goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune. At the end of the day the team lost and I was not happy that the team lost he said. The defeat really did not sit very well with me. Everything I do is not about Brilliant and it is about Kaizer Chiefs all the time. Even when I do not get an opportunity to play I am happy when the team progresses. Any goalkeeper can concede goals and some concede more than that. It is all about confidence. Khune was out injured last week but is expected to return to the starting line against Bloemfontein Celtic at Soccer City on Wednesday after returning to training this week.Khuzwayo said while he s well aware that playing for Chiefs comes with massive pressure supporters should not give up on the team and single out individuals within the side for blame now that things are not going their way. We cannot point fingers at each other now that things are not going well. Every family goes through difficulties and we want the supporters to give us their support. We are doing our best and no one walks onto the pitch intending to perform poorly. But as I said before we have had no luck and we will continue to try to make them (supporters) happy. Chiefs remaining matches before the annual Christmas break are against Celtic on Wednesday Polokwane City at home on Sunday and away to Golden Arrows on December 21.Khuzwayo said they were desperate to end the year on a high and do well in the three remaining matches. Things are not okay and the position (seventh place) we find ourselves in at the moment is not good given that we are Kaizer Chiefs and this is a big team. In spite of all the things that are ging on we are trying to lift ourselves up . The important thing is the Chiefs brand and we know that when you play for Chiefs there is a lot pressure. We are trying to push all the time. TMG Digital