Traditional leaders in Venda have called for Vhavenda people to work together and unite behind King Toni Mphephu Ramabulana.This follows the dismissal this week of the application challenging the Kingship brought to court by Venda Princess, Masindi Clementine Mphephu (25), against her uncle, King Ramabulana.Traditional leader Thovhele Vho Mbangiseni Masia said, As traditional leaders we are glad that the court has finally adjudicated on the matter and therefore we expect all of us to respect the judgment and work towards a better tomorrow that is characterised by unity with a purpose to solidify the Vhavenda Kingship. We have been expecting this judgement as issues have always been clear from the onset. Traditional leader Japan Mphephu Ramabulana said: We are of the view that this is an opportune time for us to come together as a family and fulfil our responsibility and mandate of leading this great nation of Vhavenda. We believe that people have been long waiting for a day when as the royal family we will put our differences behind us and bring development through a stronger and united Kingship. Masindi was challenging President Jacob Zuma's decision to recognise her uncle, Toni Mphephu Ramabulana, as king.The Thohoyandou High Court dismissed her application to the court to set aside the decision regarding the right to the throne. Judge President Ephraim Makgoba said he will provide the reasons for the decision next year due to the delay brought about by the festive break.During the hearing, judge Makgoba refuted Masindi s lawyer, Alan Dodson SC s argument that his client was prejudiced because she was a woman and that the family s tradition does not recognise women as leaders. He said the argument was unfounded because after the death of Masindi s father, Dimbanyika, the family appointed Vho Phophi Mphephu Ramabulana, who is a woman, as a regent. The judge pointed out that the family never advanced that argument as their submission to the court.Dodson faced an insurmountable task of convincing the court on why Masindi s application should be granted. Acting on behalf of the respondents, Advocate Norman Arendse SC, described Masindi s application as being both opportunistic and lacking any basis in law and fact. However, despite the legal tug of war that played itself out in court, the Mphephu Ramabulana Royal family has also echoed calls for peace and unity. 