In a true act of kindness and in keeping up with the spirit of Ubuntu Pretoria residents including taxi drivers jumped in to help a man who was involved in a hit and run accident.Bronwynn Engelbrecht a member of parliament from the Democratic Alliance (DA) took to Facebook to share how people from different walks of life stopped what they were doing on Tuesday morning to assist her son after he was injured. On his way to write an exam at the Tuks Mamelodi campus my son Elrich Engelbrecht was involved in a hit and run accident on his motorbike. A taxi driver tried to corner the red Citi Golf as it sped away while several other taxis cordoned off Elrich to prevent any vehicles from accidentally riding into the accident scene. A Tshwane paramedic on his way to work disembarked his taxi and went to assist Elrich calling an ambulance and then personally being part of the team that brought my son to the Wilgers hospital. She said a student called Francois who was also on his way to write an exam stopped to help and called her to inform her about the accident. He then stayed with the destroyed bike for longer than an hour until the family could collect the bike. None of my son s belongings were stolen from him and after several hours in theatre to insert steel pins into his open femur fracture and repair other multiple injuries he is alive and safe. My deepest gratitude to all the amazing people: Francois the student the amazing taxi drivers the Tshwane paramedics and the Tshwane Metro that crossed my son s path and demonstrated that we are a GREAT nation of CARING PEOPLE! Her enthusiasm was shared by people who saw her post. Val Cawood shared I love it when South Africans work as one nation caring for each other while Lebogang Moloto commented I am glad that your son is alive and well. Special thank you to those who helped may God bless them richly. Alison Perryman chipped in with So sorry to hear about your son but what a heartwarming story gives us hope. Well done to everyone involved you all deserve a medal. .