Fees Must Fall activist Bonginkosi Khanyile has a flagrant disregard for court orders and would likely breach his bail conditions if he was released.This was the view of Pietermaritzburg High Court Judge Nkosinathi Chilli in a damning judgement handed down on Thursday morning. Khanyile a 26-year-old Durban University of Technology student is the last Fees Must Fall activist still in jail and will spend Christmas his birthday on December 28 and New Years Day behind bars following Chilli s ruling.The ruling was met by anger from protesters who had to be dispersed by Pietermaritzburg police outside the court building. According to reports from the scene two people were arrested.Chilli said Khanyile played a pivotal role in violent clashes during protest action earlier this year which led to police and journalists being stoned. Khanyile had previously been charged for involvement in other protests and was out on warning on a trespassing charge and told not to commit similar offences.Chilli ruled that Khanyile s involvement in the protests was in breach of those court-issued warningsBefore the clashes Khanyile said protesters should moer the police. These utterances were caught on video by journalists. If the appellant [Khanyile] only participated in the demonstration merely by his presence that would have been a different story Chilli said in his judgement. Instead he played a very vital role. He was elevated above the crowds by his supporters making utterances which by his own admission triggered violent behaviour among the crowds including hurling stones at police; in blatant disregard of a direct order barring him from participating in an unlawful gathering. The judge said that this pattern of behaviour posed a problem when it came to considering bail. The manner in which [Khanyile] conducted himself begs the question If [he] breached the warning conditions imposed by the court what would prevent him from breaching the bail conditions? The answer to that question in my view would be Nothing said Chilli.Khanyile was twice denied bail in September and again last month in the Durban Magistrate s Court. He appealed to the Pietermaritzburg court to reverse this decision but Thursday s ruling means he will stay in jail until at lest his next appearance on January 19.Meanwhile his advocate Tembeka Ngcukaitobi said they will be lodging papers for an urgent appeal at the Supreme Court of Appeal. We may not get him out before Christmas. But the decision and the reasons given are wrong said Ngcukaitobi. TMG Digital/The Times 