Mamelodi Sundowns never managed to adjust to a referee who allowed the game to flow just one of their indicators to a naivety on a global stage that was exposed when they lost 2-0 to Kashima Antlers in the Club World Cup.Clearly Downs biggest downfall in Sunday night s Fifa Club World Cup (CWC) quarterfinal at Suita City Football Stadium in Osaka Japan was their finishing.They could not profit from a string of unanswered chances in the first half.But the manner in which Japanese champions Antlers responded taking their lifeline from the break changing their approach and picking Sundowns apart for an opening goal with pace and precision in attack showed that the South African club have a lot to learn at this level.Mosimane said one of those things is an ability to adjust to a different kind of referee in Mexico s Roberto Garcia Orozco. You have to be shrewd you have to be stronger on the ball because this referee allows things Mosimane said. Each referee is different. Some referees stop for everything."But some refs allow the game to flow."This ref allowed the game to flow for both sides. Antlers were more ready than us in that space."With their physicality they outmuscled Khama Billiat and Percy Tau a lot."They used the small tools that you don t see. The ball goes there they hold you. They were a little bit streetwise in how to play this game."And we were not that streetwise. In South Africa if the ball comes and you leave the ball and play the man it s a foul."With this ref it was not a foul. So we needed to understand quickly in a game that this referee does not blow for those fouls and then adjust. But Antlers outmuscled us. Orozco was in no way unfair or one-sided.As a referee he simply allowed some physical encounters to go that other refs would blow up for.In this particular game that happened to favour the more physical Antlers.What Mosimane was disappointed with was not Orozco s interpretations or blowing of the game but just how Sundowns failed to adapt their game to the ref by being stronger on the ball themselves.Tournament rookies Sundowns were the first Southern African team to compete at the CWC.* Marc Strydom is in Japan as a guest of Mamelodi Sundowns. - TMG Digital 