Osaka Japan - Pitso Mosimane has admitted that he has had offers from teams internationally to leave Mamelodi Sundowns and coach abroad.He indicated that some have been lucrative and enticing.But he said even with Sundowns having completed a course of progression from being PSL champions for a second time in May then African champions in October to competing at the Fifa Club World Cup (CWC) presently he has unfinished business at his club.Tournament rookies Sundowns lost 2-0 to host club Kashima Antlers in Sunday s quarterfinal in Osaka Japan and will meet South Korean club Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the fifth-place playoff on Wednesday.Mosimane said much like with his unsuccessful first forays into continental football in his almost four years at Downs his goal now is to reinvent the Brazilians approach so they can come back and be more successful at the CWC. My phone has been ringing. Sometimes I don t want to talk because this thing can unsettle Sundowns Mosimane said of the offers he has had from clubs outside South Africa. Sundowns love me. And when you are loved be nice."When you have a nice family look after it. So I m not listening."Because I m working on this product. I want to come back here [to the CWC] again."I need to win the Champions League again to come back. Speaking to the SA travelling media in the mixed zone after the Antlers defeat Mosimane did cast a wistful eye to Osaka s Suita Football City Stadium and the level of organisation he was surrounded by at the CWC and admitted his career could rocket in such an environment. With a mentality like this a quality like this the development structures I think I could come up a lot higher he said. [At Downs] I m still fixing the shot one of my players could have crossed instead of a shot tonight."He s been in the PSL for three years and is 22 but I have to teach this boy. If you want to make a quick buck you can."I m not motivated by money."If I was I would have gone to the highest bidder. But I m happy. I have a product here [at Sundowns]."I have a team that won the Champions League. If I move in Africa who much better can it be to than at a team that won the Champions League?"Which other product do I want? I see other coaches they leave today and then they have another job somewhere internationally. Wow it s nice. Maybe that s why you guys are journalists maybe you could have been doing something else and have been very rich. But you didn t you followed your heart. * Marc Strydom is in Japan as a guest of Mamelodi Sundowns - TMG Digital