A Limpopo family whose heart-wrenching story touched many will spend their first festive season in a decent home after years of poverty and strife.It has been five months since a 48-year-old woman and 14 other members of her family were discovered living in a dilapidated two- room structure on the Bandelierkop farm near the N1 highway towards Louis Trichardt.When Sowetan reported the story in June, the family had no food, water and furniture while some of the girl children were forced into sexual relationships with men to survive, which led to them having babies.Two of the children, aged 12 and 10 years, had never been to school while the younger ones had never been immunised.The family had been living on the farm since they moved from Vhutuwangadzebu, a village in the Nzhelele area, in 1982.Their situation intensified after the woman's husband, who was a farm labourer and the breadwinner, died in 2009.When the Sowetan team arrived at their new house in Vleifontein, near Louis Trichardt, on Tuesday afternoon, the family were busy working on the garden around the spacious yard.The woman's eldest son, who is 22 years old, said they had settled well in their new home."We are enjoying having a place to call home. We don't have special plans for Christmas yet. But I know that we are going to be happy, I will make sure of that," he said.The son said his younger siblings were also eager to start going to the local primary schools next year. His two sisters aged 18 and 20 have been issued with identity documents.However, he said, some of their new neighbours were less than receptive of them living in the area."Some people don't like us. They pass remarks and say that this house was built with taxpayers' money. Sometimes they stand by the fence and hurl insults at my mother. But we have decided to ignore them and enjoy our home."The house built on a 600m stand was a gift from a construction company after the interventions by Limpopo health MEC Dr Phophi Ramathuba. She galvanised other departments to assist where they could.More people donated furniture and electrical appliances. The family moved into the house in July.The young man said he hoped to start job hunting next year so he could help his mother around the house while he still waited for his identity document.None of the family members are employed. He said his sisters were now living with their boyfriends and only came home to visit on weekends.His mother said they were happy although they sometimes have water problems.She said a tank outside the yard was filled with water by the municipality which they used for bathing and flushing the toilet.But she said this was a much more conducive environment for her family compared to where they lived before. They have started to plant grass around the house as well as a few trees.The mother said she also planned to look for work next year."We still struggle with money but the children are happy here."There is enough space for all of us, "she said.The family survives on the R1500 government grants they receive for food.mahopoz@sowetan.co.za