The University of the Witwatersrand s announcement that it will increase its fees by 8% next year has not been well received by students. The university has no choice but to increase fees if it is to remain financially sustainable as academics and professional and administrative staff need to be remunerated books and journals need to be purchased (many in foreign currency) utilities need to be paid and infrastructure needs to be maintained it said in a statement on Monday.Students voiced their anger when Wits student publication Vuvuzela posted the statement on its Facebook page.Jon Rayner posted: Well s*** is gonna be on fire next year not a threat just a fact. He added that students are at breaking point around the country some students have died and warned that promised assistance from the National Student Financial Aid Scheme (NSFAS) is going to fall way short of what the country needs .Ayubu Mabena Yoh directed his anger at the ruling party Sigh I give up on (the) ANC government while Jafta Kolisang blamed it on the university: Amen the intellectual thugs win hands down. Lungelo BC Mhlongo lamented that the announcement was not what the #FeesMustFall protests had set out to achieve: Our 2016 strike was in vain how sad. Jodechon Parsons asked: So what is the purpose of a student council if the needs of students are not heard? Ariadne Laura Draudsing Palmos tackled the university s reasoning: Seriously?! Ok so fees increase because subsidies decrease. What exactly is the state playing at here?! If this carries on the only solution will be staff cuts (already happening) so everything will be pushed to greater online delivery and self study. Brilliant. Might as well turn most courses into MOOCs! #FMF2017 is going to be a bloodbath. MOOC is the acronym for massive open online course an open-source form of education. In addition the University will accommodate the costs of insourcing and the new ICT renewal project from 2017. The university said on Monday that it was recently informed that the 0% fee increase in 2016 will be rolled into its government subsidy meaning its 2017 subsidy increase will be less than expected. It will now receive about R54-million less than expected from the government in 2017. Council is aware that this decision will be financially onerous for the families of many students. Note that the state has committed to funding the increase for all students with a family income of less than R600 000. Wits will however do all that it can to seek bursaries and scholarships for as many students as is possible it said.Wits students were up in arms in September protesting over a number of weeks when Higher Education and Training Minister Blade Nzimande announced that universities could hike 2017 fees capped at 8%.Students said that the government had not properly engaged them and adequately investigated their call for free education.In a breakdown of the options it explored when deciding on the increase Wits forecast a deficit of R 56.5-million if fees are increased by 8% next year. The university remains committed to working towards achieving access to quality free higher education as per the draft pledge that it was willing to adopt in October 2016. This goal however can only be realised at a systemic level when the financing of higher education is completely reorganised. TMG Digital 