Family spokesperson Mhlo Gumede spoke to a local broadcaster about the Gospel star's passing and shared some memories of his friend, who lived 3 houses down from his in Mthwalume. Speaking to eNCA, Gumede stated that Ncwane was 'a joyful and humorous man' He mentioned that Sfiso Ncwane, who was born with 6 fingers on each hand, was never ashamed of this unique trait.He fondly recalled that after the recent 6-1 Orlando Pirates defeat, Ncwane took a picture of his fans and said, 'Pirates fans can you see this?' When asked how the country should remember his friend, he answered that he should be remembered as a man of God. As a man with a heart of gold and a voice of gold, a man who would do anything for his family and his fans, A man that served this country and raised this country s flag to the highest level of music in South Africa and Africa as a whole. We would like South Africa and Africa as a whole to remember him mostly as a man of God and as a man that has served his purpose and is at peace now. Ncwane was born in Mthwalume in KZN on 21 April 1979. He was raised by his aunt, and started singing at the age of 8.According to his website, Ncwane battled many health issues in his life, such as fainting spells, being struck by lightening and recently reports stated that he suffered a heart attack.After the heart attack, Ncwane thanked his 'spiritual father' Reverend Francis Anosike, whom he credited with saving his life, by purchasing a R1.9 million Mercedez Benz as a gift.The gift however caused a lot of backlash on social media, with Sfiso coming out to state that he fell into 'a depression over it' I tried to remain strong and deal with the situation however my life was difficult. I couldn t take it anymore and I ended up being depressed. He further points out that as a result he contemplated suicide.Ncwane's first album was titled Vulamasango.He produced many award winning hits such as Phakama Nkosi yeZulu and Kulungile Baba, which was nominated Song of the year at that years Crown Awards, won the Record of the year at the SAMA's in 2013, and won an AGMA Award(London based Gospel Awards). Ncwane has worked with countless industry greats such as Rebecca Malope, Winnie Mashaba and Sipho Makhabane amongst others.Ncwane had his own music company called Sfiso Ncwane Productions.He is survived by his wife Ayanda and their two children Ngcweti and Umawenzokuhle, and daughter Nqobile from a previous relationship.