Ajax Cape Town coach Stanley Menzo has described the talent of teenager Grant Margeman as scary after a superb display in his side s 1-0 victory over Chippa United on Wednesday.It was a toss-up for the man-of-the-match award between 18-year-old Margeman and left-back Mosa Lebusa who was equally excellent as Ajax made it five wins from their last six games. The diminutive Margeman who may be small in stature but appears to have no shortage of strength on the ball pulled the strings in midfield with a mature display that belies his tender years. He is another product of the Ajax academy and showed himself to have excellent technical skills. Had his teammates been more clinical in front of goal he might have had three assists on the night while he also forced two excellent stops from Chippa goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi one with a 40-yard pile-driver that arrowed towards the top corner. It s a bit scary he s playing like a big man in the midfield. He s already carrying the team you can say Menzo said. But it s perfect it s very good for him for us for the academy and their players. As long as we can keep him at this level it s good but we also have to be sensible and don t push him too far because he is still only 18. Margeman was promoted to the first team at the start of this season but made just one brief substitute s appearance under ex-coach Roger de Sa in August. It was only after the appointment of Menzo that he was given a real chance and has now been involved in the team s last five games four of which have been won. He was influential in his first start the 3-0 victory over Bloemfontein Celtic last Saturday and followed that up with his star performance against Chippa. He got a cramp in the 90th minute so he was getting tired but I am very proud to have a young player like this performing so well Menzo said. The coach has not been afraid to give Ajax s academy products a run so far. He has also introduced defender Shane Saralina (19) and winger Masilake Phohlongo (20) in recent weeks. TMG Sport 