As other children celebrate report card achievements a 16-year old girl s once excellence academic record has taken a dive after her paternal family set a dog on her.*Sizwe s two aunts and step-sister appeared in the Alexandra Magistrate s Court on Thursday where the case was postponed for the umpteenth time for the alleged attack on her. I m not happy [about the postponement] the girl s mother said after court.Advocacy organisation Women and Men Against Child Abuse (WMACA) said that it had hoped the trial would begin as the ordeal weighs heavily on the teenager.Sizwe found herself caught in a battle between her mother and her late father s family over rent for a room. Sizwe s father died 15 years ago. In August this year the dispute escalated and the girl s paternal family allegedly attacked her and got their dog to bite her. But according to her mother the alleged abuse has been ongoing for the past decade.Describing the day of the dog attack her mom said: The following day she went to school with a blue eye. They say she s a bastard she s not one of them . She is so disturbed. Last year she failed [Grade 10] because of the aunts. This year she passed but I m not happy about the results. Sizwe s mother said that she was fourth in her grade before the attack in August but has now dropped out of the position.The three accused women all over the age of 35 have allegedly continued to harass Sizwe and her mother after the attack by coming to the gate of their property in Alex and shouting and banging according to WMACA.Sizwe s mother says the court officials and police are dragging their feet in getting the case concluded.The accused women were granted bail and she was forced to obtain a protection order against them in October. [The aunt] lives opposite us. I bump into them almost every day. She also claims that Sizwe s fourth attacker has not been arrested and that the case s investigating officer has not explained why.The case returns to court on January 26.TMG Digital may not publish any information that may identify Sizwe including the names of her accused family members as she is the complainant in criminal proceedings.* Not her real name