Aubrey Ngoma has thanked Cape Town City coach Eric Tinkler for giving the club s attacking players freedom to express the best of their talents as they look ahead to the Telkom Knockout final against SuperSport United on Saturday.City have been among the most potent attacking sides in the country this season and currently top the league table giving them confidence ahead of their first ever cup final.After scoring just six goals in their first nine games this season the City attack has burst to life with another 22 in their next nine as the likes of Ngoma Lebogang Manyama Lehlohonolo Majoro and Sibusiso Masina shine.Ngoma says the players feel they have the freedom to play an attacking game given the organisation that Tinkler has brought to the defence and the midfield. The coach has helped us in making sure we play with freedom and no fear Ngoma says. He has always encouraged us to enjoy games and we work hard enough at training not to be allowed to enjoy matches. Once we play with a bit of freedom and enjoyment that is when we started to get results."He has helped us to not play with fear and you see when we play every team regardless of who it is we play with no fear. Ngoma believes the team will not freeze on the big stage of Saturday s final as they are not feeling the pressure to perform. There s no pressure on us we on the brink of making history."But we shouldn t approach the final any different to how we approach other games."It is another 90 or 120 minutes in which we have to give our all. If we don t win we want to get off the field knowing we have given 120 percent and that we gave our best and gave anything we had. City are unbeaten in their last nine games winning eight of those.But Ngoma says that will not count for anything come Saturday which is a new game on a new day. We are not thinking of the run we are on."They [SuperSport] are also on a run where they are unbeaten in 12 or 13 matches [14] so its going to be a very difficult one for us. We have studied them well and we have good qualities in the team to get the victory. - TMG Digital