This past year has seen some players flourish and others fade but for some it has seen a rebirth of their careers that had seemed in a stall. Times Media Digital picks out 10 Premier Soccer League stars who are better off at the end of the year than they were at the start.MORGAN GOULD (SUPERSPORT UNITED)The experienced defender was deemed surplus to requirements at Kaizer Chiefs at the end of the last campaign having been used sparingly by coach Steve Komphela. He faced an uncertain future after his release but signed a short-term contract to be reunited with former coach Stuart Baxter at SuperSport United and has featured heavily for the side in their championship push. TIYANI MABUNDA (MAMELODI SUNDOWNS)The 28-year-old has been involved in one of the greatest comebacks of all time in the Premier Soccer League. Having been signed by Sundowns from Black Leopards in 2013 he did not make a single start in almost three seasons for the team. But after winning his place alongside Hlompho Kekana in the midfield in April 2016 he has not looked back making himself a fixture helping the club to the PSL title an African Champions League victory and winning a place in the Bafana Bafana side for their crucial Fifa World Cup qualifier victory over Senegal last month. MARK MAYAMBELA (AJAX CAPE TOWN)Mayambela has a long history of falling foul of club officials for off-field indiscretions and a perceived lack of effort and was hounded out of SuperSport United for exactly that in April. It was something of a surprise then that Ajax Cape Town took a chance on him but it has so far proved an inspired signing as the 29-year-old has been a leading figure in the revival under Stanley Menzo restoring his reputation as one of the most exciting talents in the PSL. LEBOGANG MANYAMA (CAPE TOWN CITY)Manyama appeared to be coasting his career when he was deemed surplus to requirements at SuperSport and then did OK while on loan at Mpumalanga Black Aces last season. But since being given the captain s armband at Cape Town City he has been a revelation and an early pick for Player of the Season. There is even talk of a recall to the Bafana Bafana squad. TENDAI NDORO (ORLANDO PIRATES)Ndoro s career at Orlando Pirates was going nowhere until his world changed when he netted a brace of goals against Mpumalanga Black Aces in a league match in February 2016. Since then he has not looked back becoming the lead striker at the club and netting 22 goals in all competition. Suddenly he is the most feared striker in the PSL. THELA NGOBENI (FREE STATE STARS)Ngobeni has played in the PSL since 2008 at Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns but before this season had made just three starts. But the goalkeeper won a loan move to Free State Stars at the beginning of the campaign and after first-choice Christoffer Mafoumbi was injured in pre-season has grabbed his chance. He has been superb in a struggling side proven once and for all that he certainly belongs at this level. RODNEY RAMAGALELA (POLOKWANE CITY)The powerful 27-year-old forward was a regular scorer in the PSL at Black Leopards but saw his career stall after moving to Mamelodi Sundowns in 2013. He had a mediocre loan spell at Lamontville Golden Arrows last season and was then allowed to join Polokwane City for this campaign. He has thrived under coach Luc Eymael playing a leading role in helping the club into the top half of the table and netting five goals in his last eight starts. ELEAZAR RODGERS (BIDVEST WITS)Rodgers finally joined BidVest Wits at the start of the season after a number of near misses in the past and was an instant hit as the side made a fine start to the season which included victory in the MTN8 competition. It followed two fairly low-key seasons at Platinum Stars but such have been his performances that he was suddenly thrust into the lead striker role with Bafana Bafana including their World Cup qualifier win over Senegal when he won a controversial penalty. His return to the national team in October added to two caps he had previously won in 2007 and 2008 meaning more than eight years between appearances. THOKOZANI SEKOTLONG (FREE STATE STARS)Sekotlong was a player who showed promise at University of Pretoria and Maritzburg United in the PSL but never quite delivered on a consistent basis. He dropped down a division to play for Cape Town All Stars in the 2015/16 campaign but was then given a chance back in the big leagues by Free State Stars this season. And boy has he delivered with some superb performances and a number of contenders for Goal of the Season already. PERCY TAU (MAMELODI SUNDOWNS)A little over six months ago Percy Tau was playing in the NFD with Witbank Spurs. Now he is arguably the most talked about player in the country. The 22-year-old looked out of the plans of Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane when he was sent on loan to Spurs in January. Mosimane often spoke glowingly of Tau but did not pick him. But having regained his confidence at Spurs he has blossomed and is now a crucial cog for The Brazilians and the long-term successor should one of both of Khama Billiat and Keagan Dolly leave the club in either of the next two transfer windows. TMG Digital/.TMG Sport