Bafana Bafana coach Ephraim Shakes Mashaba s public rant against his South African Football Association (Safa) bosses after his side s 2-1 World Cup qualifying victory against Senegal at Peter Mokaba Stadium has cost him his job.This was just the latest in a long line of outbursts by Mashaba in his tenure of just two years the only difference this time being that the objects of his ire were Safa president Danny Jordaan and CEO Dennis Mumble and not the media.Winning losing and mean streaks a look back at Shakes Mashaba s last tenure as Bafana coachHere are just some of Mashaba s rants defiant complaints and defensive statements uttered at press conferences sometimes in the face of criticism and sometimes when that perceived criticism was in fact non-existent:- I mean two days after my appointment there was so much horrible [press]. This one has really made me feel insulted that I was the cheapest coach. I m the cheapest coach. All the expensive coaches give me all the expensive coaches record. Put it here. I m repeating it for the last time give me the records of all the expensive coaches and let s put it here [and] go through it. Our football is down because of those expensive coaches. There will be times when we appreciate things and there will be times when we joke about things. This one I couldn t leave it. The cheapest coach when club level or national I m the longest-serving coach and people haven t realised that this is what this man is doing. - I buy newspapers every day. Why? I want to hear your criticisms. They make me strong. If you criticise me because you think you re breaking me down you re wasting your time. I take that and convert it into positives. Some of the critics we read in the newspapers are uncalled for. And they seem to be personal. They seem to be personal. But I like them. One day I ll give those authors a hug and say You helped me. You made me strong in my life . - I don t read newspapers so I know nothing about that until somebody comes and tells me that this is what is happening. I don t read newspapers and with that I am not joking. I am serious. If there is something that somebody wants to tell me then they have to come to me. If there is somebody who wanted to tell me something then they would have come to me. - I once mentioned last time if this opposition could come and play us at the training session I don t doubt we can beat them because everybody is flying everybody is playing good. But when we get to the game it is a different story because we are playing against a team that has plans as well. They didn t just come there as sheep to slaughter. - I understand it goes with agendas. I want to repeat today we had a World Cup-winning coach [Brazilian Carlos Alberto Parreira]. We went the same route. I ve never heard the question Is he the right coach or not? He came and he went. I m going to be rude I think my colour is a problem here. That s what I m going to say. - If people say we didn t prepare very well [for the 3-1 Afcon qualifying defeat against Mauritania in Nouakchott] I don t know what they are saying. They must elaborate and say what do they mean when they say we did not prepare all right. It is most unfortunate you train on it [an artificial turf surface] or you don t train on it it s one and the same thing. - I m not a quitter. Make no mistake. I m not a quitter. That is why I went to buy a new jacket to look more new and young. - But on a serious note we ve got to give this house understanding on what is selection criteria. I don t want you putting words in my mouth. To incite fans you say what suits you. I don t like that. I want us to be friends but if we re friends I need a friend who when I change he changes. When I nod he nods. [Or] I d rather stay without a friend. You know when people read a newspaper let s say 100 buy a newspaper or listen to the radio. Out of 100 it s only two who will listen or think. The others will take it as it is The coach is useless. He speaks in twisted tongues . I am saying I m not going to talk about the criteria now I don t want you to say we are defending ourselves. But after this chairperson give them the whole day to talk about the criteria. And I don t want you to interpret it to suit you. I don t want it to suit you. I ve been listening to this thing for a long time. And we re making these press conferences so people must come sit here ask questions here. Don t go and listen to tapes and everything and then you form your questions [opinions]. Thanks I m happy now. I was angry for two minutes. TMG Sport 