National Union of Metalworkers of SA president Andrew Chirwa said on Monday that the government s recent national minimum wage proclamation of R3 500 was an insult to the working class of South Africa .He was speaking in Cape Town at the 10th national congress of Numsa which was the largest affiliate of Cosatu in terms of membership before it was expelled from the union federation.According to Numsa the congress had 1 077 voting delegates representing 346 870 members of Numsa nationally.Chirwa s address to the delegates was emotionally charged with multiple mentions of the 2012 Marikana massacre when police opened fire on striking workers at Lonmin who had downed tools in demand of a R12 500 salary. Numsa will deliberate and make a formal declaration on the national minimum wage during the conference. The R3 500 national minimum wage pronounced by (Deputy President Cyril) Ramaphosa and the ANC government is an insult to the working class. The workers of Marikana who died for R12 500 per month were earning R4 500. Would that not be a decent place to start talking about a decent national minimum wage? Chirwa asked.On Monday afternoon the conference was also due to be addressed by Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan. However Chirwa said this invitation should not be taken as a show of camaraderie with the ANC NEC member and minister. We want Gordhan to come here and tell us what is happening on the economic front. We want him to tell us how he is going to prioritise the creation of jobs. We also want him to tell us what the Guptas are doing to continue looting the nation Chirwa said.There was no shortage of barbs aimed at Ramaphosa. Chirwa said while Numsa was expelled from Cosatu and the alliance over its discontent with President Jacob Zuma he and Ramaphosa were two sides of the same coin . Pravin Gordhan is the same as his colleagues in cabinet and the ANC. And by the way there is no difference between Zuma and Ramaphosa. They are two sides of one coin. One is captured by the Ruperts and the other is captured by the Guptas he said.Chirwa read SA Communist Party secretary general Blade Nzimande s recent criticism of Zuma as opportunistic. Nzimande who is also Higher Education and Training Minister recently told SACP that a president who could be bought did not deserve to lead the ANC or the country. It s a bit too late now. We hear Nzimande s crocodile tears. They want us to believe that they are a communist party that can lead the masses and emancipate the working class. It s too late for the South African Communist Party said Chirwa.He said Nzimande only spoke out against Zuma because other groups within the ANC alliance had won the favour of Zuma s faction in the party. Former Cosatu secretary general Zwelinzima Vavi is also expected to address the conference on Monday. 