A boxing star from Duncan village in the Eastern Cape has set his sights on becoming the best featherweight on the planet after recently claiming the South African title.Azinga Fuzule aged just 20 is beaming with confidence after he was nominated for the Male Prospect of the Year award at a nominations ceremony held at Sascoc House in Johannesburg this week.The Grade 11 pupil at Kusile Comprehensive High School made a huge statement in October when he dethroned SA featherweight champion - Mdantsane boxing hero Macbute Sinyabi.The 29-year-old Sinyabi was made to look ordinary by the novice who had only fought four times at the time.Fuzile dominated the revered Sinyabi and dropped him to the canvas three times at Orient Theatre. This is just the beginning and it is a tough road " said Fuzile after winning his first national title."But I am willing to sacrifice everything I have to become No 1. This the start. Next year I want to fight for a world title match."I ve already won the WBC so I still want more."The WBC was just the beginning."I believe in my abilities. I feel in my heart and mind that this is what I want to do. Fuzile started boxing at the tender age of 10 in 2006 and his win over Sinyabi made him arguably the country s first warrior to win a championship belt with only five fights to his name at the time. The fight put me on the map as a boxer and also opened some doors for me " Fuzile said."Now everyone is talking about Azinga ever since that fight."So I can say that the fight really put me in the spotlight. On being nominated for the Male Prospect of the Year award Fuzile said: I never thought I would be nominated."But it was a great fight and everyone is still talking about it even now. I think that fight deserves to be nominated. Already offers are pouring in for Fuzile with some said to be coming from abroad.The visibly excited Fuzile said he also wants to have a crack at the main gong the Male Boxer of the Year when Boxing SA announce their nominees for 2017. - TMG Digital