At least 13 people have been arrested by police in the Western Cape for illegal possession of firearms and ammunition in the past three days.Six suspects were arrested in Athlone on Friday afternoon for not only illegal possession of firearms and ammunition but also attempted murder.At about 4.30pm on Friday police searched a Wendy house in 8th Avenue Bokmakierie Athlone and seized a 9mm Z88 pistol an extended magazine live 9mm ammunition and a small quantity of dagga and mandrax. Police arrested two men aged 24 and 27 years.At about 11.15pm on Friday evening traffic officers gave chase to a vehicle in 8th Avenue Belgravia Athlone. The vehicle failed to stop and one of the occupants fired shots at traffic officers during the chase. The car was trapped in a dead end in 8th Avenue Belgravia Athlone and police managed to arrest four male suspects ages 30 25 28 and 30 Western Cape police spokesperson Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said. Police confiscated a 9mm Ruger pistol one magazine and live ammunition as well as an imitation firearm with a magazine. Nobody got injured during or after the police action. The police are investigating a case of attempted murder and the illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition. The suspects are due to appear in the Athlone Magistrate s Court on 5 December 2016 on charges of illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition and attempted murder Rwexana said.In Philippi police arrested four suspects on Saturday night in swift response to a tip-off about firearms and ammunition as well as drugs being kept at a premises in Hanover Park. Police searched a house in Johndown Walk Hanover Park where at the back of the house there was a Wendy house which was searched. Police confiscated a large variety of ammunition a 9mm pistol a rifle and dagga.A 26-year-old male and an 18-year-old male were arrested for the illegal possession of firearms ammunition and drugs. The police investigation continues around the origin of the firearms and ammunition. Police also confiscated an air rifle Rwexana said.She added that in another incident on Saturday evening police were conducting crime prevention duties and searched a premises at a house in Mentz Court Hanover Park where they seized a 303 rifle which was hidden in a black wheely refuse bin.A 42-year-old male and a 36-year-old female suspect were arrested for the illegal possession of a firearm.The suspects will appear in Athlone Magistrate s Court on Monday on charges of illegal possession of firearms and ammunition as well as the illegal possession of drugs.Earlier on Saturday three other suspects were arrested in Philippi also for illegal possession of firearm and ammunition. Police attached to Philippi SAPS stopped criminals in their tracks in the early hours of yesterday morning at 4am when they received a complaint about a shooting incident at Athburg Walk Hanover Park. Upon their arrival on the scene they found three men and seized a 9mm pistol a magazine and a variety of live ammunition. Police arrested the suspects for the illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition. No injuries were reported during the shooting. The three male suspects aged 24 26 and 30 are due to make a court appearance in the Athlone Magistrate s Court on charges relating to the illegal possession of a firearm Rwexana said.