Did the people in Portugal see Baroka keeper Oscarine Masuluke's bicycle kick goal against Orlando Pirates and what was their reaction?Hahaha, yes. We had a video session. They played it and everyone asked me about him. And they loved his celebration.So how are things on and off-the-field there?On the field, everything is good. I came here with a (shin) injury and I gained a lot of weight, but the team helped me by providing good medical attention and helping me regain my fitness. I was 90kg when I came here and my normal weight is 78kg, but now I'm on 79kg. I was on the bench when we lost to Tondela last week. I'm fully fit now and working hard everyday so I can make my debut soon. Off the field, Guimar es is a small city but it's beautiful. I'm adjusting nicely, but I also go to places like Porto and Lisbon. But I miss eating pap and braai meat.Can you speak Portuguese - are you attending classes?I am attending classes twice a week. They provided a teacher and I know the basics. Most importantly, I can understand the coach when he speaks to me or whenever he's addressing the team. The popular word is bom dia which means good morning.How big is Guimar es as a club?We are the fourth-biggest club in Portugal. The supporters follow the team everywhere and our stadium has a 30000 capacity. We always have about 24000 people coming to watch every game. The tickets sell out when we play clubs like Porto, Sporting and Benfica.You spoke to Benni McCarthy about Portugal since he played for Porto there. What advice did he give you?Benni told me I must toughen up and told me what Portuguese football is all about and how well he did here in Portugal. He told me I have the talent and believes if I focus on my football and do well, I can go to bigger leagues.Pitso Mosimane said he rated you among the best players he had ever coached. How motivating was that text for you?That message was touching and motivating. I didn't expect those words from him because I was a bit scared when I texted him, telling him that I signed a pre-contract with Guimar es. I was scared because he was asking me to sign the extension with Sundowns, so when he told me those nice words I was happy.Do you miss Sundowns? How did you react to their CAF Champions League triumph?Yes I do. I've played for Tuks and Dynamos, but Sundowns gave me a better life and I am happy they won the CAF Cup. I know how much it means to the president [Patrice Motsepe] and coach Pitso and I wish them all the best in Japan (for the Fifa Club World Cup).You haven't played for Bafana in a while because of your injury. Are you keen to get back into the national team?Of course, but I've just come back from injury, so it will take some time.