A strike by forensic officers at forensic pathology facilities hit a Soweto father hard as he was unable to bury his son who died two weeks ago.Truman Khumalo, 64, said he was traumatised because his mourning period was dragged longer than usual.He travelled to the Diepkloof forensic pathology laboratory every day for nine days hoping his son's body would be released."They told me that the body would not leave the facility until a postmortem was conducted. I could not sleep or eat. The pain dragged on and on," he said.The body of his 28-year-old son was finally released yesterday after the department of health applied for a court interdict to stop the strike.The department said forensic officers embarked on an unprotected strike from December 1 over salaries.Gauteng MEC for health Qedani Mahlangu said in a statement the interdict was granted on December 3.She assured the public that operations at all state forensic pathology service facilities were back to normal."Forensic officers are now back at work. Postmortems on all outstanding cases are being fast tracked accordingly. We have been interacting with them (officers) to resolve their issues, but we don't condone disruption of service delivery," said Mahlangu.Gauteng health spokesman Steve Mabona said: "The MEC apologised for the inconvenience caused to the public while assuring that she wants the issues raised by forensic officers resolved speedily."It should also be noted that all community health care workers have been paid their stipends for November, and for this month their stipends will be paid before December 23."However, for Khumalo, who had already arranged to bury his son on Tuesday, arranging another service was impossible."We had prepared everything. I bought food and paid for everything but there was no funeral. A lot of damage was done. I am a pensioner and I can't afford to arrange another service."Khumalo said a local undertaker offered to assist him with burial costs. "She is a good Samaritan. She really came through for me. What the hospital put me through was painful. My son's body was damaged. It was scary, I have never seen anything like it," he said.His son was shot on November 17 and died 13 days later. 