Stuart Baxter has thought about the personal achievement of becoming only the second coach in South Africa to win every domestic trophy on offer he said ahead of the Telkom Knockout final.SuperSport United coach Baxter would join Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane in the feat should his side beat Cape Town City in Saturday s Telkom Knockout final at Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane (kickoff 6pm).Baxter won the league twice as coach of Kaizer Chiefs from 2012 to 2015 plus the Nedbank Cup and MTN8.He added a second Nedbank winner s medal when SuperSport beat Orlando Pirates in the 2015-16 final in Polokwane May.Asked about this final being personally for the coach about completing the set Baxter joked: Do they give sets out like that for the mantelpiece? The little miniatures? He continued: But definitely [you do think about it]. As a pro you want to win every tournament you enter. When I was at AIK Stockholm when we entered the Champions League you ve got to tell your players that We re not here to make up the numbers even though you know you are. But you know that you ve got the ambition as a pro to try to win everything you can and to try to go as far as you can. Well this is a final so it s one game away from winning it."So yeah it would be very very nice. Mosimane became the first coacfh to win all SA's trophies when Sundowns won the Telkom final against Kaizer Chiefs in December 2015.Baxter knows not to underestimate City whose surprise placing at the top of the PSL and run to the Telkom final the SuperSport coach said he is actually not so surprised about. We need to know that Cape Town City are going to be a very difficult opponent and they re probably the team in the country at the moment that is surprising everybody Baxter said. [But] I m not that surprised."It s a team that was fourth in the league that has got a new coach and he s organised them well. And they re kicking on from where they were last year. It s a bit of a logical progression and you shouldn t think that they re flying temporarily. SuperSport reached the Telkom final by beating Ajax Cape Town 1-0 in the first round Sundowns on penalties in the quarterfinals and Pirates 1-0 in the semifinals.City beat Bloemfontein Celtic 2-0 in the opening round Baroka FC 4-3 in the quarters and Free State Stars 4-1 in the semis. - TMG Digital