It's not always easy to relocate to a different city, but Lehlohonolo Majoro knew he had to leave Orlando Pirates to get his football career back on track.The 30-year-old used the words "it's terrible" to describe his statistics at Pirates last season, where game time was hard to come by, which led to him ranting he was "tired of being a spectator" on Twitter. Majoro, who did not want to talk about the tweet, scored one league goal last term and bagged three during Bucs' road to the 2015 CAF Confederation Cup final.Now on three goals for Cape Town City this season, Majoro feels he is slowly getting back to his best. It took him nine matches before he broke his scoring duck at City, who are top of the league standings and have a Telkom Knockout final date against SuperSport United at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday [6pm]."In life sometimes you need to move out of your comfort zone. When you are comfortable, you miss the finer things in life. I told myself I must leave [Pirates] so that I can get more game time and challenges. It was not easy to leave everything behind, but it's turned out to be the best move," said Majoro."If given an opportunity, I can score 10 or more goals [a season]. Here in Cape Town I have been given an opportunity to play. There's still a long way to go because I have not scored as many goals as I want. I'm happy at City."This knockout final might not feature any of the so-called big three clubs, but it has the ingredients of being a thriller. City have not lost since October, while SuperSport were last defeated in September.City have Lebogang Manyama, Aubrey Ngoma and Majoro in good form, while Thabo Mnyamane, Thuso Phala and Reneilwe Letsholonyane are a threat on the opposite side."The secret [to City's success so far] is the team spirit. It's tremendous. We are like a small family that is keen to achieve things. It's been long since SuperSport lost and we are also on a hot streak. So, you can imagine what type of final it will be."City players have an opportunity to become the first group of players to win a trophy for the club.