The Department of Basic Education s instructions to public schools to condone all Grade 7 to 9 pupils who have obtained 20% in mathematics has left parents seething.Parents took to social media hours after The Herald reported on Wednesday that the department told schools to bypass the requirements of the national curriculum.The newly appointed head of the Western Cape Education Department Brian Schreuder confirmed the directive in an interview with CapeTalk Radio.The revelations were met mostly with condemnation and consternation on Facebook.Malohle Mamakoko posted: These people are really killing our education system. People are getting it all wrong. It is not about black or white privileges [it] is about our education system going down the drain. What is 20%?. The guys are turning SA into a joke Zuma and his alliance. Rewarding kids for bad performance is a big problem William Allen bemoaned before adding: We (are) getting substandard education and this gives them the impression that they are ENTITLED to anything by not working hard for it. VERY BAD. Kwenza Mdletshe suggested that the action was criminal and wanted to see repercussions: Whoever came up with this proposal must be arrested he is a threat to the country. This will destroy our pupils on Grade 11. Charity Magoda thought the policy-makers own children wouldn t be affected: Whoever came up with dis sure her/his kids are not learning/studying in dis country. These people are killing our education sytem. Dis is not good for our kids. Joyce Mathibe opined that the issue was not limited to just maths. This is a problem we r facing right now. It s not only in maths but languages as well. It is called an adjustment policy. I m up to here with this nonsense. Sis. Thy r not coping when thy go to the next level. Patrick Whitward was more measured in his criticism and urged for more to be done for young learners: You need to start challenging the minds in a fun and appropriate way alot earlier. In pre-primary and primary school. That s where you need it invest the education resources. Create and encourage curiosity and the maths will come right by itself. Get the best teachers from all over the world passionate and caring. Invest in the young but start today. It wasn t clear if Thabang Motau s comment was tongue-in-cheek: Yes Thank You Zuma Let the black kid pass so that we can get jobs. Thank you ANC uneducated whites have been getting good jobs it s our time to klll this SA money. I love DEMOCRACY. TMG Digital 