The high court heard on Wednesday how a policeman accused of killing his wife had allegedly miraculously escaped death when the bullet struck his wife.Warrant Officer Andile Mankayi from the Gauteng organised crime told the High Court sitting in Vereeniging that Sergeant Kennedy Fox told him that a bullet missed him and struck his wife Ch Fox 27.Mankayi said he was called by investigating officer Captain Fire Masilela to obtain a warning statement from Fox soon after he was arrested on April 20 2015. I received a call from Captain Masilela to meet him at the Vereeniging police station and later said we should meet at De Deur police station. There I met the accused (Fox) at the De Deur holding cells. Fox was arrested at his workplace. He was still wearing his police uniform. We were alone when I read him his constitutional rights and [asked] if he wanted a lawyer to be present. The accused said he was comfortable alone and I then started asking himquestions Mankayi said.He testified that Fox told him that on November 5 2014 he and his wife went to bed between 9.30pm and 10pm.In his statement Fox said he and his wife slept in the main bedroom while their two children slept in their separate rooms. He said he was sleeping near the window while Ch slept near the door.On that night he said he and his wife discussed a lot although they had fought on previous occasions.He said at some stage he wanted to divorce his wife before her death but later they were happy together. In the early hours of November 6 2014 he was asleep when he heard loud sounds which he thought were fire crackers. I woke up she (Ch ) woke up and dropped her head. I peeped through the window and didn t see people playing with crackers. I went outside and saw that the gate was slightly opened and the door of my car was opened. I went inside the house to the bedroom and saw my wife bleeding and blood dripping to the floor. I went to my safe and pulled out my firearm went outside and neighbours colleagues friends and family arrived. I went outside near the bedroom window and found three cartridges and saw two bullet holes (riddled) on the window of our bedroom Fox s statement read.When asked by Mankayi whom he suspected could have shot his wife through the window he said he suspected people he had arrested before or his in-laws.Fox said the relationship between him and his in-laws was not good and a day after his wife died his sister-in-law accused him of killing her.In his statement Fox also drew a sketch of what his yard house and its rooms looked like at the time and how he and his wife were sleeping before she was killed.Fox who is attached to the Vaal Rand Flying Squad has pleaded not guilty to allegedly killing his wife at their home in Rustervaal in the Vaal region on November 6 2014. He allegedly fired a bullet through her head and later went outside the house and fired bullets through the window. Fox allegedly claimed that his wife was shot and killed by an intruder who fired bullets through the window. The trial continues. 