Joseph Molangoane believes he can settle quickly at Kaizer Chiefs having scored in his first start a match where he also played a role in Amakhosi's first win in nine matches.Chiefs new signing started in Sunday s 3-2 Premier win against Polokwane City at FNB Stadium a result that ended a run of eight league games and one cup match without a win for Amakhosi.For Molongoane his two substitutes appearances and one start have also ended a period of inactivity as he resolved a contractual dispute with former club Chippa United.He said he was pleased to get back on a field playing again. I really missed it he said. I had a really tough period this year and I went through some really difficult moments but I am so happy to be over that and playing once again. I don t know how to describe it just being a part of Kaizer Chiefs is a great feeling and scoring [against Polokwane] was just a cherry on top. Molongoane said he put into practice against City elements that he had observed Chiefs needed in their play observing his new team in the skilful midfielder s first few weeks on the bench. I just watch the game and things come to my head naturally."Things that I believe we can do better or things we are having trouble with weaknesses of the other team or if we are having a few problems and I have taken that and used it when given a chance yesterday and some worked he said. It s always about the team and I am doing it for the Khosi nation."For me to go in there and score I realised very quickly that it was not about me but contributing towards the success of the team. The team as a whole came together in the second half and that enabled us to win it. Going to Durban in the next match it s important that we start from where we finished and get more points before the Christmas break. Chiefs meet Lamontville Golden Arrows at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Wednesday night in both teams final match of 2016 before the six-week break in the PSL for Christmas and the Africa Cup of Nations. - TMG Digital