The family and childhood friends of bogus cellphone maker Thulani Khoza are not shocked at him being caught out for being a "liar"Khoza's family in Shatale village, Bushbuckridge in Mpumalanga, said he changed after moving to live with his mother in Johannesburg in the 1990s."Johannesburg poisoned him. We grew up together and he was an ordinary child who loved church and school. But somehow Johannesburg changed him," said Given Marule, Khoza's nephew."He became a liar, an unreliable person and our family lost faith in him. He hardly comes here, and when he does he'd come in different cars which we just learned belonged to his girlfriends."Last week Sowetan exposed Khoza as a dodgy businessman whose "first SA-produced smartphone" did not exist.SABC acting spokeswoman Mmoni Seapolelo confirmed on Friday that Khoza was never an employee of the institution.In his CV, Khoza claimed to have been a systems analyst at the SABC in 2009.Khoza gained media popularity and received praise for his cellphone innovation.Marule also poured cold water on Khoza's claim of being raped by a cousin, being orphaned and neglected by his family.This month Khoza told Forbes Africa: "Growing up was hard. I would walk to school and back by foot. On hot days I'd feel the heat on my feet and when it rained it poured on me."However, when Sowetan visited his village, his school was found to be about 50m from his home.Marule said Khoza was born between 1983 and 1984, and not 1986 as he claimed.Marule said Khoza was born Patrick Marule - his grandmother's surname - and at some stage became Thulani Ngwenya - Ngwenya is his mother's surname - before he switched to his father's surname, Khoza.According to Marule, Khoza was born in Vosloorus and then his mother brought him to Shatale to be raised by his late grandmother."His mother wanted someone to look after him because she was working in Johannesburg. Our grandmother raised us well," Marule said. "None of us were abused in any way. His father was absent - he lives in Thulamahashe."The problem started when Thulani's mother took him back to Johannesburg after he finished Grade 6."He added that Khoza would often visit the village and brag about having expensive cars and owning houses in Gauteng."This created a false impression that he was doing well and the family had certain expectations from him, but he'd dodge us and made up all sorts of stories," Marule said."He even lied about owning a bus company which in fact belonged to someone else. We are not surprised that he has been caught out. That's the Thulani we know, a liar."Allen Matjie, Khoza's childhood friend, said the community was shattered by the lies Khoza was telling the world."He always liked to brag about nice things, but we actually believed him when he was telling us about the smartphone."He was all over the newspaper and on TV. We were proud of him and the fact that he was putting his village on the map and promised people employment," said Matjie.Thabiso Morane, another friend, said: "We are disappointed. He must just man up now and take responsibility, and apologise to all the people he lied to in the name of this smartphone dream."Khoza failed to attend a meeting with Sowetan and did not respond to questions sent by SMS.sifilel@sowetan.co.za