President Jacob Zuma has expressed deep sadness and extended his heartfelt condolences to te family of gospel sensation and multi-award winning singer Sfiso Ncwane who died on Monday. The passing of Mr Ncwane is a massive loss for the country. His music touched the hearts of millions of people. He was one of the best gospel artists that the country has ever produced and he left us at such a young age. We are deeply saddened. May his soul rest in peace President Zuma said.In a tribute to the gospel singer Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa described Ncwane s death as a a sore blow and a tragic loss to gospel lovers and to our nation as a whole .'He believed in me'- celebs react to Sfiso Ncwane's death We are shocked and saddened by the sudden passing of this most loved and revered musician he said. Sfiso Ncwane grew from humble beginnings into an artist of great stature and great power. He was truly a giant in gospel music even at a tender age. He had an abundance of creative spirit. He sang isiCathamiya and Gospel songs even as a child. He earned the respect of his community by playing at wedding in churches at funerals and community events. It was clear from the start that his would be a life of dedication to his art and devotion through spreading the word of God. Mthethwa added that Ncwane was not only highly talented but also a versatile performer who played an array of musical instruments including bass guitar keyboard and drums. It was only later in life that he embarked on a singing career with a first album entitled Vulamasango. Subsequent albums included Makadunyiswe Inombolo Yasezulwini and Umkhuleko that made him a household name in South Africa and also did well in other African countries. Not one to focus only on his own development he collaborated with other musicians of the calibre of Rebecca Malope Winnie Mashaba and Sipho Makhabane. He also looked ahead and formed his own music company producing a hit Phakama Nkosi yeZulu that went platinum under his own record label. Later songs such as his famous Kulungile Baba went multi-platinum with more that 300 000 copies sold hence he was known as the first Gospel artist to win the record of the year at the SAMAS said Mthethwa. But not content to focus on his own advancement his wishes were to bring other younger artists into his fold. He truly cared about the development of young people and through his foundation bought school uniforms and supported schools in rural areas. In many different ways he was inspirational and influential giving hope and courage to new generations and changing people s lives. 