The bogus smartphone maker not only fooled the nation and potential investors about being a legitimate businessman, he allegedly also tricked women in his life to fund his lifestyle.This week Sowetan exposed Thulani Khoza of Nelspruit, Mpumalanga, who had intended to produce SA's first smartphone "T-Touch", as a con artist with fake qualifications and an invalid ID.The phone and the tablet would have been made through Thules Telecoms, a company he claimed to own. But a Sowetan investigation showed no company was registered under his name.In fact, Thules Telecoms was registered in his girlfriend Beatrice Mashego's name, who Khoza admitted to have used to get government contracts because she is a woman.Mashego, 29, has now approached the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission (CIPC) to de-register herself as the director of Thules Telecoms.Sowetan has seen her e-mail to CIPC that was sent on Monday."I want to set the record straight that I don't know [of] any dealings that Thulani (Khoza) made in the name of the business. I'm shocked that I'm getting calls from people who think that because the company was registered in my name that I benefitted," Mashego said."I was not involved in the running of the business."She said no money was deposited into Thules Telecoms bank account since the company was registered with CIPC on September 19.CIPC spokeswoman Lalah Lesejane said Mashego would need to fill out forms to formally de-register herself, and once that was done Thules Telecoms would be rendered "inactive". Mashego claimed Khoza sponged off her and did not contribute to households expenses as they lived together."In July he started telling me about the phone he was creating and that the launch would be in August. He said he wanted me to help him register his company, but he did not have an ID with him."I was in love with him and pregnant at the same time, so I didn't mind helping him out even though I didn't know anything about what he was planning with the business."She said in October she started realising that Khoza was not what he claimed to be." ... He started avoiding calls from people that he had introduced as investors. At some stage I told him to go and look for a job because the phone business was not taking off."Mashego said she has not seen him in almost two months. Khoza failed to reply to phone calls, SMSes and e-mails yesterday.Grace Mbedzi, a woman Khoza was involved with from September 2015 until they broke-up in July, claimed he left her in debt and she nearly lost her house.She said they met through a mutual friend and on their first date Khoza told her about his business plans and international investors. "He said I must count all my debts, which totalled about R120000, and he said he'd settle them the following week. That never happened."The relationship carried on until Khoza asked her to leave her home.They booked themselves into a lodge in Brixton for two weeks."I paid almost R3000 for our stay. I was getting broke and had to dig deep into my savings because we had started sleeping in the car outside the lodge," said the woman.They then moved into a rented apartment in Sundowner, Johannesburg. Mbedzi said he then told her about his new job at Microsoft."I was paying for everything, even clothing him thinking that I was helping him. Instead he created lies along the way," she said."He'd leave the house in suits every morning, yet I never knew where his offices were. He'd take me to show houses at exclusive golf estates, but I later figured out I was being fooled." They broke up in July after Mbedzi learned about Mashego.sifilel@sowetan.co.za