SuperSport United coach Stuart Baxter hopes the pain of Saturday s Telkom Knockout defeat to Cape Town City will spur his side in their league title bid this season.United were outplayed in a 2-1 loss in Polokwane denying Baxter the full set of domestic trophies but are second in the league three points behind City in the championship race that remains their ultimate goal this season.And they will have the chance for revenge of sorts when they travel to Cape Town to play City in the league on Friday. We are losers and second means nothing Baxter said. We ll take it and all the pain that goes with it but then maybe that will motivate us to keep playing. Baxter gracious in defeat was full of praise for City coach Eric Tinkler. Congratulations to Eric and his boys. Eric has worked very very hard he s a very serious coach and he deserves one. City took the lead through Aubrey Ngoma after 13 minutes but SuperSport scrambled an equaliser midway through the second half via Kingston Nkhatha.The momentum may have been with them at that point but just two minutes later City regained the lead through Judas Moseamedi which proved the killer blow. The first half was probably quite an even game with chances both sides. They probably edged the chances but I thought the play was even in a lot of ways Baxter said. I wasn t happy with the way we were playing both defensively and offensively at times. I thought we came out and did a little bit better [in the second half] as they were resting a bit more and happy with the 1-0. We gradually got to a better game around their box which meant we got an equaliser. If we had kept it [at 1-1] for 10 minutes I thought we had a good chance of going on to win it. That was a critical phase of the game and we don t concentrate and they score an immediate goal. From then on it is just throw the kitchen sink at it because you get nothing for coming second. The two goals we gave up are bad goals. Too many of the SuperSport United players didn t come to the part with the likes of Reneilwe Letsholonyane Dean Furman Jeremy Brockie (albeit carrying an injury) and Thuso Phala largely ineffectual.Baxter admits he was disappointed that at least one of them did not take the game by the scruff of the neck. I would have hoped we had got a little bit more out of them. But this is a cup final and it leads its own life sometimes and suddenly we have got a team playing transition against us and they are very good at it. In that atmosphere I would have wanted one of the big lads to stand up and say OK lets punish them for that and not give the ball back . TMG Digital