More than 10 men broke into the home of of Noluvo Swelindawo abducted her assaulted her assaulted her and then killed her in what is suspected to be a lesbian hate crime at the weekend the Western Cape Ministry of Community Safety says. This is a chilling realisation of the dangers women face in their own communities even more so for women from the LGBTQI community Dan Plato Western Cape Minister of Community Safety said on Monday.The attack took place in Driftsands near Khayelitsha Cape Town.Plato said those responsible for this murder in cold blood need to face the full might of the law. There is no space in our communities for violence let alone the reported level of abuse brutality and injustice Ms Swelindawo has been subjected to. He promised to ask the Provincial Police Commissioner to help ensure that the necessary investigations and resources are made available to ensure justice for Swelindawo and appealed to the community of Driftsands to help find the perpetrators of this abnormal crime . We cannot remain silent about the evil and injustice committed by a few. It is time the silent majority speak out and break the hold that those who threaten the safety in our communities have over us said Plato.The murder began trending on Twitter on Monday as South Africans reacted with anger revulsion and sadness.Mlungisi prince @mlungisi prince said: To be lesbian in South Africa is a death sentence it seems . We fail black lesbians every single day with our silence. How many more lives must be lost? AthaBeyonce @Athabzz shared. Even when women want nothing from or to do with men men still feel entitled to their bodies! Homophobia in SA said Bluebirdy @Thabo Bluebird while Taz @Eza Kwakhe commented It seems to be black and queer in South Africa is to risk your life every single day .Bitter butter @ZaireMvelase said: Another queer woman murdered silence from the government... just another dead lesbian . Something must be done. KwezilomsoMbandazayo @KwezilomsoM shared: All the black queer womxn in me are tired. Stop killing us . It s time people accepted that they won t lose anything if they accept other people s sexuality said Kometsi Seipati ?@KometsiS while Sex(y) Beast @Zimkhitha asked plaintively: Not safe as a woman. Not safe as a queer body. Black men what did we ever do to you that you hate us so much? 