Orlando Pirates players know very well that no-one owns a place in the team while Augusto Palacios is in charge.Palacios has been in charge for just over a month since taking over from Muhsin Ertugral and the one noticeable team about the team now is that players who have been out of the picture since the season started are now getting their chance to play or at least make it to the match day squad.For instance, Gladwin Shitolo and Thabiso Kutumela, who both played cameo roles under Ertugral, started in the 2-2 draw against Highlands Park.On the bench, Bucs had Donald Mokondelela who has been struggling to make the match day squad since his arrival from Baroka at the beginning of the season.Regulars such as Oupa Manyisa, Mpho Makola (both injured) and Thabo Matlaba (serving suspension) were missing in action against Highlands Park.Palacios warned that no-one will walk back into the team on their return. I m at Pirates to do my job and not to favour any player, cautioned the Peruvian, who has been with Pirates for over 20 years serving in different coaching roles. The one thing that is important and you need to understand, me I believe in competition (and) not names. If the player performs and like it was the case (with Shitolo against Highlands), then you can t put him out. This needs to be clear for me and people need to wait (for their chance), he said. Football is not about names and I don t care about players who are in the national team or coming from overseas. I don t look at that and me, I look at the performance. The 64-year-old further suggested that some players may start slacking off when they don't get some playing time, but has put measures in place to ensure everyone remains competitive. This, according to Palacios, includes revealing the 18-man squad just a day before the match. I ve been long in the club, I ve been long in this country and I know South African players. One thing that we need to talk about here is when a player doesn t play regularly, he increases his private life," said Palacios, meaning the player focuses less on the job at hand which is serving the team.Pirates's next match is against Maritzburg United at Harry Gwala on December 13.