Wayne Sandilands knows that whatever happens in Japan whether he plays or does not play he can at least rest easily that he will not be pepper-sprayed again like he was in the Caf Champions League final against Zamalek.Mamelodi Sundowns reserve goalkeeper the forgotten hero of the reason Downs are at the Fifa Club World Cup (CWC) astonishingly reveals that he received what he thought to be pepper spray coming on for injured Denis Onyango against Zamalek in Alexandria in October.Sandilands had a stormer that seems to have largely been forgotten that night of the Champions League final second leg at Borg El Arab Stadium pulling off fine saves and controlling his area as Downs battled their way to a 1-0 defeat and 3-1 aggregate victory. Funnily enough leading up to that final the focus was there Sandilands reminisced ahead of the CWC. I think because it (the Champions League final) was such a high-profile game that everybody just switched on."So when Denis went down I was in a right mental place. It was an inspired performance under immense pressure from the 33-year-old former Bafana Bafana keeper in front of a hostile 70 000-strong crowd.It was made more impressive given Sandilands had last played making four league appearances the previous season all of them in 2015 and two more in the Champions League group stage.Sandilands soaked up the experience the only blemish being a pepper spray incident. I think the lasers when I played the game against Setif [in Algeria] were a lot worse."In the final they weren t a problem Sandilands said. What did happen was there was a pepper spray or some kind of mace. I went to get a ball near the advertising boards and stuff was sprayed on my face."It was somebody right behind the boards. A photographer or a ball-boy I don t know. That was a new experience for me and one I wasn t quite prepared for."I m just glad the burning subsided and I was able to continue. But the atmosphere there was amazing."I think I just enjoyed the final against Zamalek it was a beautiful crowd. With new signings who were not registered in the Champions League such as Sibusiso Vilakazi Ricardo Nascimento and Thapelo Morena available in Japan Downs have one of the most formidable squads on paper for an African team at a CWC.Only their inexperience as the first Southern African team at the 16-year-old tournament would seem to stand in their way of making an impact. It s in the back of our minds that we don t want to go there just to make up the numbers we want to compete Sandilands said. With the coaches and talent we have and the way we prepare for games there s a lot of potential to do something great. - TMG Digital