A second video showing a violent bullying incident in front of pupils has surfaced prompting an emergency meeting of education officials on Tuesday at a high school in Stellenbosch. VIDEO The footage was posted on social media by a former pupil of the school which has just made international headlines because of a bullying video that went viral on Monday. Jessica Shelver spokesperson for Western Cape MEC of Education Debbie Schafer told TMG Digital that the second video was brought to the department s attention a few hours ago. We are again shocked by the violent nature of the video. Behaviour like this in our schools is unacceptable and must be dealt with as a priority. As such the District Director and School Circuit Manager have called an emergency meeting with the School Management Team. This meeting began at 1pm. We will be in a better place to comment once the meeting has concluded she said. The video shows a large schoolgirl in a blue and white uniform swearing at a smaller classmate and pushing her around. Don t walk away don t walk away shouts the larger girl in Afrikaans. She grabs the victim s ponytail yanks her head sideways and then rains punches to her face and head. The fight is temporarily halted when a larger male pupil grabs the bully around the neck and separates the two. The department is already taking action in response to the first viral video. A disciplinary hearing has been scheduled on Thursday against a schoolgirl who smashed her knee into the face of a crying Grade 8 classmate and then punched her in the head. The victim who was injured is receiving counselling. Her parents have laid a charge of assault against the bully who is scheduled to appear in court on Wednesday. The parents of the perpetrator have informed us that they have voluntarily removed their daughter from the school. The school will however still conduct the disciplinary hearing Shelver told TMG Digital on Monday.Bullying at schools is increasingly becoming a problem and extreme cases of the phenomenon can attract expulsion.This is according to Paul Colditz the chief executive of the Federation of Governing Bodies of South African Schools ( Fedsas).His comments come in the wake of video footage of a violent bullying incident at a Stellenbosch high school that has gone viral on social media. The video shows a school girl being beaten by a classmate. The incident appears on what appears to be a cell phone footage and begins with a school pupil in a blue and white uniform sitting on a desk in a classroom facing a pupil who is seated. The girl on the desk grabs the pupil s hair with her hands then shakes and twists her head violently.Bullying according to Colditz falls in the third category of the three types of misconduct entailed in the schools code of conduct. It is an offence that is dealt with by the School s Governing Body which upon investigation recommends a sanction to the head of department at the school. It [bullying offence] can lead to a suspension or a disciplinary hearing Colditz said. Depending on the seriousness of the incident personal circumstances of the offender and whether they are a first or repeat offender expulsion can follow. In cases where the offence is not serious a pupil can be suspended for seven days Colditz said. The bullying of the nature I saw on social media [on the recent video] is very serious. Bullying is increasingly becoming a problem at schools he said.The Western Cape department of education defines bullying as: when a child or a group of children misuse their power to hurt other children or exclude them. The department on its website provides guidelines for schools on dealing with bullying.The department says there are three main types of bullying and these are: verbal and written physical and social. All learners who are guilty of bullying should be called to account. It will send out a clear message that bullying will not be tolerated. It is however important that the focus should not be on punishment so much as on the changing of behaviour the department says. Once bullying has been identified it is important to address the situation as soon as possible with the school concerned where appropriate measures and actions can be discussed and implemented. Beverley Dyason of MIET Africa a non-profit African education organisation said bullying is a wide-spread problem. It s not always easy for children to tell when they are being bullied. Bullying is under reported because children fear further bullying. Children who bully others do so because of among others lack of respect for others and understanding diversity Dyason said. Action should be taken against those who are perpetrators. Schools should encourage learners to take action against those who bully them. Teachers should also not allow a negative environment she said.Educational psychologist Cara Blackie said bullying is extremely common but not often spoken about. Our biggest problem is brushing it off. It s something that parents need to take a deeper listen to. Even mild or just intimidation bullying should be dealt with accordingly Blackie said.Children who bully others do so for a number of reasons Blackie said. It depends on the environment the child is raised and brought up in and the community setting. Bullies often feel weak and need to be in control. They somehow feel insecure. She said schools should encourage pupils to speak out and report bullying and set rules that are strict for everyone. - Nomahlubi Jordaan 